<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey Its Mads
User B: Hey babes
User B: Almost done with work. So glad
User A: Hey:) that's good right?
User B: Yea
User A: So what's new lol
User B: Nothing
User B: did u touch it in the shower. Lol
User A: No had to hurry up lol
User A: Hold on a min
User A: Sorry my mom keeps bossing me around lol
User B: That sucks
User A: Yeah it's annoying. Do u get along with your mom
User B: Kinda..she's nosy
User A: Still lol
User B: Yea
User A: Is it just u and her?
User B: Whatcha doing now
User B: Yea
User A: Same here :)
User B: I know the feeling
User A: I am getting ready to run out to get my shoes for class. I prob won't be back until after class
User A: My mom is on my back right now could I call u when I get back
User A: It would be like around 8 or so
User B: Damn
User B: So did u put on some Hot thongs when u Got out of the shower
User A: I think if she is in her room I could sneak a quick call
User B: Cell service sucks at my house
User A: Maybe
User A: It does ?
User B: I live near the state forest
User A: So is daytime always better?
User B: It's horrible
User B: Yes
User A: Do u see wild animals lol
User B: Hope U can get out tomorrow
User B: Yes..wild animal s
User A: I need to make sure my mom isn't home at all and I want to just take a few days to talk more so I feel safer is that ok?
User B: Ok
User A: I also want to hear your voice so I know u aren't like a grandpa or something lol
User A: R u mad?
User B: Grandfather?
User B: I'm not old
User B: Wish U could call me now for like a min
User A: I meant like some creepy 60 yr old pretending to be a young hot guy lol
User B: Send me a couple Pics of u ok
User A: Then he will use something to sedate me and throw me in the trunk
User A: I wish I could
User B: Omg. Never..I hve to walk to the park anyway
User A: What???
User B: Can't take deliver trucks in there. I hve to like park near mc dounalds
User A: How big is your truck?
User B: I will be on foot..that should make u feel safeer
User A: Lol how fast can u run
User B: It's big. Can't bring trucks this size in the park.
User B: I can run..y ?
User A: Incase u r crazy and I need to run lol
User B: That is y I wanted to see if u were allowed to walk to mc dounalds
User A: So there is no way to call u tonight??
User B: I'm not crazy silly
User B: Phone don't get out at my house. I swear.
User A: If my mom isn't home I can walk where ever I want lol
User A: Ok what time u working tomorrow?
User B: I know it sucks. I'm Soooo sorry. In July phone come is putting a cell tower there tho
User B: 6Am
User A: Oh Jeez
User A: U want me to try to call tomorrow than
User B: Yeaaa
User B: Yes
User B: Damn I wanna see u..lol
User A: Ok. Lol. Can I text u later when my mom isn't around
User A: We can soon
User A: U want me to send u a pic
User B: Well . Since I won't see u today me i will be home by 5
User A: I have to from computer cause can't do from phone right now
User B: yes....pic
User B: Hummmm .ok
User A: ??
User B: That u can't Fr. Phone
User B: Sucks
User B: Lol
User A: Well normally I can lol
User A: I have a smart phone
User B: Y can't u
User B: What's wrong wit phone
User A: Phone works fine
User A: My mom got pissed about something I did
User A: And took away the cam somehow. I am supposed to get it back by this weekend
User B: But she stopped the pic text on ur cell
User B: Ohhhh ok
User B: Mmmmm...thong Pics..bent over in the mirror...
User B: Or splits..lol
User A: I think I know how to make it work but worried she will find out and take the whole phone away
User B: She won't...ur sneaky
User B: Lol
User A: Idk lol. Ok I am in car and I don't wanna text u with her here. So u can't even get texts later how about YIM
User B: No net
User B: Soooooo sorry
User A: It's fine:) umm how about I text u in the morning then
User B: Looking forward to it.
User B: Will miss U..lol
User A: Ok:) it won't be 6 am lol a little later
User B: Ok
User A: Miss u too and I will try to figure out my moms schedule this week
User B: Mwaaaa
User B: I hope u figure it out
User A: :D )
User A: I will
User B: Delete all..
User A: Already done:):)
User B: Admit it tho. U Want that licked softly don't u. Since we been talking about it. It sounds good Rite.
User A: Yes It does lol
User B: That's my girl
User A: That sounds cool
User B: Yes...my girl
User A: I like it:)
User B: Awwwww
User A: <3
User B: Take sum Pics tonight alone in ur room. Upload them to ur computer so u can send them to me tomorrow ok..will u
User B: Wanna see how far U can split...lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey lol
User B: Hey mads
User B: Wrote U on mm
User A: Hi
User B: Whatcha up 2
User A: I know I was on there too and sent u a message but it's too annoying to type in there lol
User A: So I switched
User A: R u mad at me
User B: No
User A: Just woke up lol
User B: Annoying?
User A: Texting thru Meetme is annoying lol
User B: What's the difference writing in there
User A: It takes longer idk Im so weird haha
User B: It's ok
User A: So I can't call u around 6?
User B: Can u send Pics Fr your com
User A: Yeah
User B: I wake up 4 am every day at work by 5:45 am. Home by 5:30 at night.
User B: Mom gets dinner ready by then
User A: Oh ok
User A: Well I can just keep trying lol to find a time to call during the day
User B: Sounds good
User A: I have to kinda wait and see cause if I ask her too many ?s about where she is going she knows I'm up to no good lol
User B: U said u can send Pics from Ur computer. Will u
User A: U sure u aren't mad at me?
User B: No..not mad
User A: Yes I will
User A: I feel kinda bad In really sorry
User B: When baby
User B: Bad?
User B: Y
User A: I do want to see u and I am trying
User B: I kno
User A: So u still like me
User B: Just Wanna Make sure Ur not Gonna turn me in..wish I knew a way u could prove U won't
User A: I won't thou
User B: I do know a way I could trust U. Can u Take Pics. Upload to ur computer then send them to me. What ever Pics U Take and add to ur computer. U can eras so mom don't see them. Lol
User A: My mom would go crazy on me
User A: I won't even tell my BF
User B: Yeah and u would ruiened my life....forever
User B: Your best friend.. or boy friend?
User A: Best friend lol
User A: I don't have my cam right now all I have are some pics on the computer
User B: No..no one..plz
User A: I can call u so u can hear my voice but it can't be when mom is here
User A: I won't tell anyone
User B: Well. I was thinking. If I got a pic of u in your thongs doing a wide split Laying down. I would kno then u were serious about us. And I could trust U. That would be some serious proff Rite.
User A: Idk what to say u seem super cool and I don't wanna ruin anything for anyone
User B: I am kool.
User B: Just keep me safe..plzzz
User A: I really like u for real but I can't send a pic like that even if I had my cam
User A: Keep me safe lol
User B: U hve to admit..that would be good proof tho Rite..the pic.
User B: I will keep U safe.....safe and sound....lol
User A: There was a girl I know who did that with pics and they ended up on twitter and Twitter wouldn't even take them down
User B: Omg...baby.. i swear on us..own my own life...I would Delete them off my phone
User B: My mom sometimes borrows my phone on the weekend when I don't work. She don't have one...I erase everything...I swear it.
User A: Sending a pic like that feels way too scary for me like u I wanna feel safe
User B: Ok....short shorts
User B: Real short..but Sexy..that's clean ain't it.
User A: Idk lol
User B: Plzzzzz
User A: I have no way to take new pics right now
User B: Okay.. send those other Pics of u can u
User A: I can send u a couple from the computer and hopefully I will have my cam back this weekend
User B: I can Take Sexy Pics on cam without nudity..I swear it will help me feel at ease..
User A: I will for sure in a little while
User A: Let me see what I can do
User B: Well the one I asked for in thong..U wouldn't even hve to hve Ur face in it..
User A: I don't have a cam besides my phone anyway
User B: Just a nice Amazing split..lol
User A: Maybe u r just trying to get dirty pics and u really don't like me
User A: Guys do that all the time
User B: I swear.. I like u
User A: Kk
User B: I won't play U..I thought about u all night.
User A: I will send u some reg ones in a little
User A: U did? Really
User B: If I had my way..I would be willing to wait for us to be together when Ur older
User B: I would wait....4.U.
User A: Really
User B: Yesssssssss
User A: So like what would that mean
User B: I kept thinking about laying next to you And holding you from behind
User B: I swear i thought about you all night
User A: :)
User B: I like you more than you know i just wanna trust you
User A: I believe u I did too
User B: What would what mean
User B: we are so f***** if we get caught
User A: I'll brb I need to get up and walk the dog bfore my mom comes in here
User B: you can call me while walking the dog
User B: Put your phone in your pocket
User B: Take it outside and call me
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry my mom is up and rushing me i have to start school at 8 and have to get online I am gonna try to send some pics quick and text u when I get a break
User A: I don't think I can send pics from gmail to your phone gonna keep trying do u have an email address
User B: Hold on k
User B: I don't hve one. But I know my sisters old gmail it still works. She is never ever on it. She only uses all now. She left her gmail account in my cell when she borrowed it one day. Pass word is Still there, I just checked.
User A: Send me a quick mess at dancingmaddie757@gmail.com
User B: U need to put me in ur cell contact list under a girl. Play it safe.
User A: Ok lol what should I call u lol
User B: U think of a name..something you will remember
User B: I just sent you a message To gmail . It says, hey maddie
User B: From. *edited sister's account*
User B: Its my sisters she never uses it. I don't even think she remembers the password..lol i still have the password in my phone..ha ha
User A: Ok gimme a min
User B: K..
User B: Omg I wish U had Ur cam..it would be Soooo fun..lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: just sent u a few pics
User B: K....my girl....
User B: Beautiful
User B: Love the one in the tan pants / blood shirt..wow
User A: Lol thanks
User A: I have more but some have other people in them lol
User B: It's ok..I love pictures
User A: Ok so should I send a couple more
User B: Yeah
User A: Kk will do in between school lol
User B: What the Pics U just mention
User B: How come yesterday U could chat all day..:(
User A: Got break yesterday since still part of Easter break
User B: I c
User A: I have some more pics on my computer I can send
User B: Plz do..lol
User A: It's not the same schedule every day I do some on my own and some have like a class u sign into
User A: It's some program my mom pays for
User B: Ohhhh ok
User A: I hate when I have to sign in
User A: But they can't see if u r paying attention lol
User A: It's still better than reg school
User B: So r U a little more excited about spreading for me while I Lick U softly and gentel..
User A: Maybe lol
User A: It sounds kinda nice
User A: Just don't do it hard
User B: Tell the truth..I know u thought about it in bed last night..lok
User B: I won't...very soft
User A: I did a lot
User B: Mmmmmm. Nice
User B: So u played a little...U did didn't U.
User A: I'm worried it might hurt
User B: Thinking of it
User B: It doesn't hurt
User A: I did try to lol
User A: U sure lol
User B: Feels beautiful
User B: Yes U will love it
User A: I do wanna have an O lol
User B: Ohhhh U will baby
User B: U will cream
User A: OMG this talk is very distracting lol
User A: What's that mean
User B: I'll start licking with Ur thongs on. Get those panties all wet.
User B: Would be easier when we meet up to not wear jeans. Running pants or something. Easier in the park..
User A: Maybe a skirt?
User B: Omg..yes
User A: Ok hopefully it will be warm enough lol
User A: U sure nobody will see us in park lol
User B: I was going to suggest a skirt But i didn't want your mom to get suspicious If you went walking in a, skirt
User B: No..there's lots of trails in the park
User A: Ok. I don't think she would think it was weird but I want to go on a day when she isn't here
User B: I'll eatYour pussy out in the woods..U will be Sooooo turned on
User A: She works at home and in an office and sometimes I don't know when she is where
User A: If I am up to something I can't ask too much or she will get suspicious and keep better track of me lol
User A: That sounds kinda fun
User B: Does she ever let you walk to mcdonalds for an ice cream
User A: She lets me walk most places if I take my phone and it isn't dark
User A: But if I wanna be sneaky I do it when she goes to her office lol
User A: I get paranoid
User B: Well then it's easy
User B: How far of a walk is it to mc dounalds from Ur house
User A: What is I sent more pics
User B: You won't have to be paranoid with me...i swear it's safe
User A: It's further than park but I can do it. Would be really easy if I biked but I don't ride bikes lol
User B: If she let's U walk most places.. we should be able to meet up easily maddie
User A: I am more paranoid about my mom than u
User A: I hate getting in trouble
User B: Ur just scared and nervous..U don't hve to be baby
User A: Yes I know I can meet u I just want her to be gone when I do
User A: I get worried that she will take away my dance or make me go live with my dad or something
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yes just me
User B: Who set it up tho
User A: I keep a yahoo one too
User A: I will delete anything you want to send me
User A: I did Y
User B: Didn't want Ur parents looking into who was sending U mail Silly
User A: R u working tomorrow?
User B: We both agreed we have to be smart
User B: Yea y?
User B: Yeah why what are you thinking
User A: I am looking at my moms schedule and she has something written on there that makes it look like she has to go in her office tomorrow. I am trying to fig it out without it seeming weird at all
User A: I am working on it lol
User B: K
User B: Yea, But u don't kno what time she will go
User B: Hard For me to plan if u don't know what time
User A: I am trying to fig out now doing my best
User B: Ain't it easier to tell her you're going to go for a walk..if we're careful she won't see us together
User B: I will be off around 330 today
User B: Can't you just go for a walk it's a nice day out
User A: Please I just need to be careful. If u can just wait a day or two I KNOW I can get there. She is here I am doing schoolwork and have dance again to tonight. I don't want to show up and have to leave after 10 min lol please
User B: trying to think of something To make it easier on you. Okay are there any woods around your house..like a walking trail?
User B: Okay
User B: It's ok..I understand
User A: I think the park is prob better I don't want to be near my house omg
User B: Ik
User B: Ok..lol
User B: Did you see the new pictures i sent you to the gmail...ha ha
User A: Just please know I want to come so bad and I will find a way. Just like u I have a nosy mom and I know how to get her off of back and what makes her worse
User A: I will look at pics. Lol what are they
User B: Example pics of how i would like you to do
User B: or something close to it
User B: i swear to god if you did pics like that i would know you were serious
User A: Ok maybe in person u have a cam?
User A: I might be willing to let u take a pic of me like that but I am no way sending that on a text
User A: U never even sent me a pic of yourself
User B: Yea...I would love to take Pics of u
User B: I will
User A: U would? How would u keep them away from your mother?
User B: Always make sure you delete all of your gmail i sent
User A: Duh yeah!
User B: Any pics i take of u i will only keep for a couple of days and delete them
User A: U sure u will delete them
User B: Honest
User A: Ok. Will u send me a pic of you
User B: Sent Pics..gmail..not sure if you got them right away
User B: Check
User A: Ok
User B: Maybe i'm not your type. Lol i guess you'll just have to look and see
User A: Nice really cute I like them a lot
User B: awwww..really
User B: Honestly
User A: Yes I am totally serious I love the pics
User B: Ur sweet
User B: wanna see how beautiful my cock is...do u..lol
User A: Maybe u wanna send it? I have never seen a real one bfore lol
User B: Not sure if it would turn you on or not
User B: What do you mean maybe i wanna send it
User A: Lol I have always wanted to see one haha
User A: Do u wanna send it lol
User B: you can't be serious you've never seen one
User A: Pics only never in person or anyone's I know that I like
User B: So you have seen a real one just not one you have like
User A: I never have seen one of someone I liked make sense
User A: No lol like I have seen my little cousins run around naked and one time I googled it lol
User B: I just pulled it out while driving...lol..it's crazy but i sent it..please delete it i don't want anyone to see it
User A: OMG lol that sounds dangerous hahah
User A: Hold on
User B: So you have googled cocks..nice. mY naughty little girl
User A: OMG that is gigantic!!!!
User B: Yeah i'm pretty big
User B: Do you like it
User A: Yeah I do but kinda nervous since it's so big lol
User A: That is so big OMG
User B: I wanna rub it on your tight little virgin pussy
User B: Don't worri..I won't try to put it in.. I promise
User B: Well that sucks you're even more nervous now than you were before..lol.. maybe i shouldn't have sent that picture
User A: Ok that would really hurt
User A: No it's all good I swear
User A: I am excited and nervous lol
User A: It's a really nice penis
User B: Gonna teach U how to Lick it..go down on it sum..jerk it til it explodes.
User B: Thank u
User A: Wow ok:)
User B: Do you think you would like to watch it orgasm
User A: Yea never seen that either but heard about it lol
User B: i'm going to turn you into such a naughty little girl
User A: What does that mean lol
User B: U will love fooling around..U will see
User A: I think I might
User B: U will baby
User B: Wanna see what position i would love to lick your pussy In..
User A: yes
User B: K..hold on
User B: It's there. Check
User B: S*** it says its still sending
User A: I got it lol
User B: I sent two tho
User A: Ok lemme check
User A: I got it. That may be weird to do in the woods lol
User B: You think you would want to try that..bent over while i lick it
User B: No way..it would be so much fun in the woods
User B: So do you have firm hard little titties
User A: U think lol I would be willing to try it as long as u r careful with me.
User B: i promise to be careful i swear
User A: I need to get off here and finish school stuff bfore my mom starts investigating. I will try to get back back on bfore dance but if not will get on early tomorrow :):)
User B: i wish there was something i could do to make you trust me..
User A: They are small but ok think lol
User B: Delete all your gmail and text messages
User B: I like them small
User B: Tomorrow....uuhhhhhh :):(
User A: Good:) I will I promise !!! <3
User B: What tomorrow
User A: I will delete texts and pics promise and will try to see if I can come tomorrow ok
User B: around what time..after 4 Rite?
User A: Idk I am checking ok what's best
User B: Problem After 4
User A: I will do my best kk and let u know
User B: But if i had a couple hours notice..i could probably skip out on the later part of the day
User A: Ok will try 4 bfore
User B: If u don't have dance tomorrow..anytime after 4
User A: Kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey u still around
User B: Y
User A: I am getting ready to leave for dance but my mom will be out tomorrow after noon
User B: Hey someone called my cell but I didn't answer..number was from laurenceburg Indiana..Omg Ur dad don't live there Dose he...just that no one calls my cell that I don't kno.
User B: What after 12
User A: Noooo my Dad lives in PA lol
User B: So Ur saying Ur mom leaves around 12?
User A: My mom has to go to her office around 12:30 for the afternoon so I can come to the park if u can and still wanna
User A: I am freaking out lol
User B: If Ur serious..I can call my boss. And take off early..
User A: U really would? I can for real. Once she leaves I can just walk over to the park
User B: But u will probably change Ur mind tomorrow. Or tell me Ur mom didn't leave..and I call the boss for nothing..r U sure baby
User A: Yes I am I swear I have been trying to fig this out for 2 days
User B: Unwilling be there if Ur not lieing or back out on me..if you don't go...I won't trust U to me meet Ever again..U swear?
User A: As long as I am back around the time she gets home it will be totally fine
User B: Cause I would have to call now so I can get off earlier tomorrow
User A: I swear I will go
User A: I will I promise
User B: What time Dose she Come back
User A: Like around 5:30
User B: Plz keep Ur promiss and I swear U can trust me..
User B: Omg..we hve a few hours
User A: I will just please promise me that u r really nice
User B: What u gonna wear baby
User B: I'm very Nice..promise
User A: U seem nice I want to trust that you are
User A: What should I wear
User B: Thonng...
User B: Do u have a silk one
User A: Ok what color
User A: I think so lol
User B: U pick....
User B: Or lace
User A: Ok:)
User B: Pink is Hot..or white..it's up to u
User A: Ok I will I am excited and nervous and so many things lol
User B: I don't kno if u wear a skirt if anyone at the park would be suspeciace
User A: So what time u thinking u can come
User B: It's normal to be nervous.
User B: I'm gonna start walking up that way around noon.
User A: People wear skirts all the time lol maybe I can wear leggings under
User B: Omg..good idea...leggins and skirt over
User B: No bra ok....none
User B: Want my hands on Ur titties....yeaaaaa
User A: Ok I gotta go to dance but I promise and swear I will be there
User A: Ok where will u be in the park and can u wear a certain color shirt so I don't get confused
User A: Ok no bra lol
User B: Text me tomorrow around noon ok
User B: Shave fresh tonight...lol
User A: Lol ok. Ok shave like u said?
User B: Just a little stripe...can u?
User B: Omg..I hope I can trust U. And u haven't told anyone..I'm nervous too
User A: U want me to text u as I am leaving to walk there? Yes I think I can so a stripe lol
User A: Do a stripe lol
User A: Nobody R u crazy lol
User A: How will I find u
User B: We can meet up as soon as I kno Ur there..don't kno yet. Will check it out tomorrow ok..
User A: Ok I don't wanna text near my mom cause I might look funny I promise will all my heart I will be there. I will wear a black tee shirt so u can see me and know it's me kk
User A: So u want me to text u from the park or before I leave
User B: Before U leave the house ok.
User A: I will text u tomorrow I am so excited to meet u please please be nice to me I am so new at this :)
User B: U kno the park better than me. Maybe we can meet at the pond area
User B: I will i swear...treat U like the flower U r
User B: What color skirt..Jean..short or longer
User A: Yes I think there is like a little house there too ok gotta go yeah excited!
User B: Yea..cabin house..bye
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: y I would get in sooo much trouble
User A: r u trying to bail on me :(((
User B: No
User B: I wanna go badly..trust me
User A: Good :)))
User B: Just don't wanna get hauled off in a striped car with numbers on it cause U set me up. I get there and get the surprise of my life .
User A: me either OMG I would be in soo much trouble
User B: With u not being legal and u doing that. It's a possibility I've thought of..
User B: U would not be in trouble .
User B: They would see you as a hero Because i'm older .
User A: my mom would ground me for life for even talkin
User B: You don't even have to do anything wrong..just getting me there to meet you Isn't doing anything wrong on your part
User B: But yes all i have thought about is being with you
User B: Starting to feel something for you
User A: My mom wouldn't care...
User B: But I wanna trust you so bad
User A: I have feelings for u 2 :)))
User B: How do i know you haven't told your mom, and you're both trying to get me there..you have to admit anything is possible
User B: You do know its normal for me to think about this right..all of the possibilities and what could go wrong
User A: I am trusting u not to kill me :)
User B: Omg..Yea Rite
User A: I understand jus don know what I can do...
User B: You have my phone number and your mom has my phone records. My sisters boyfriends gmail account
User B: We're still going to meet today i just hope everything will be ok
User B: All i wanna do is hold you At first until were both comfortable ok
User B: Take it slow
User B: I'm just as scared and excited as you are
User A: Sounds good to me :)))
User B: Less than 3 hours away Now....
User B: I promise to make your day nice
User B: Just don't ruin my life please..
User A: Can't hardly wait :))))))
User A: I won't I swear
User B: ok
User B: What time do you think you're going to start walking there
User A: Omg I can't even concentrate on school now...
User A: When u tell me...
User A: After mom leaves of course :)
User B: If u Get there before me..Rite before the pond and that little house..there are picnic tables under like a coverd building. If no one is sitting there. U could go there..
User A: ok
User B: Ok.. tell me when u start heading there ok and Tx when she leaves plz
User A: I will text u when she leaves she is getting on my case
User B: Hope she really is going to work...lol
User A: Kk :)
User B: K....Omg. she don't kno Ur texting Rite...
User B: Ok get sum work done
User A: She doesn't know who just that I keep getting on my phone
User B: Erase Plzzzzz everything
User A: I do... always
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ?
User B: She is getting ready to leave
User A: Ok
User B: She just pulled out
User A: Ok..did u change clothes
User B: well not yet... she just left
User A: Ok..change..lol...when I leaving
User B: changing.. when should I go
User A: As soon as u change ok
User A: Meet U there
User B: ok... will u be there soon I don't wanna sit by myself forever..
User A: I'm almost there Baby
User A: It's a beautiful day
User A: Little windy..but pretty
User B: oh ok I'll hurry
User A: Yea. Hurry. What kind of skirt so I kno what to look for. Short or long..Jean?
User B: I got my jean skirt and black leggings
User A: No bra...lol
User A: Ok....what entrance U going in. At the big curvy top of hill?
User B: I guess it's medium... lol
User B: it's faster for me to walk thru the back
User A: Ok
User B: What r u wearing so I know...
User A: Ok..go threw the back..is the back closer to the pond
User A: Jean black hoddi
User B: yes
User A: Ok. Tell me when u made it there
User A: No worries...I promise
User B: I am leaving now
User A: Ok.
User A: Let me know when Ur here ok.
User B: still go to the picnic table by the cabin?
User A: No
User B: where then
User A: Go by play area..
User B: ok which one
User A: Lots of people working here..could be hard...just keep coming tho
User B: Ok
User B: On my way :)
User A: When u get here. We can meet up and walk together for a while and just talk ok.
User B: Kk :)
User A: I found a good spot....trust me..but we gotta walk together first..play it careful
User B: K about halfway there
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok hello
User B: heyy is this carlos
User A: Yes im
User A: Mwwwak
User A: Sexy
User B: ^_^
User A: What you doing bb
User A: {=_=}
User B: boredddd
User A: I like to be there to bad you're not boring
User A: I dread going to see that you are a minor
User B: huh
User A: Mee
User A: me cz. You are so. young
User B: :( u dont like me?
User A: What i dont like you
User A: Wowww
User A: Ok
User B: im confused
User A: Yea you like me so much
User B: haha do u like me
User A: Yeaaa you like mee
User B: ya :)
User A: Yea
User A: Tell me you want me
User B: hahaha y :P
User A: Yes or not
User B: idk what u mean
User A: I say if you want to be wz mee
User B: ya your cool :)
User A: would you be my love
User A: you speak awful
User A: you speak Spanish
User B: i dont speak awful :( no i only speak english
User A: ok its ok bb
User A: And tell me what you doing now
User A: You are in youre bad readdy
User B: im laying in bed
User A: I want be there wz you
User B: :)
User A: What bb
User A: O:-)
User B: i want u here with me to lol
User A: Me two bb i would LOVE be there wz you
User B: i cant drive though :(
User A: yo handling
User B: what
User A: I Drive bb i have my car
User B: what do you want to do :)
User A: Everithing bb
User A: Yuo want me go se you now
User B: like what? we cant now my mom is home
User A: I would kiss you touch you feel rich
User B: touch me where? :) :P
User A: Where you thing i want touch you
User B: i dont know..you tell me hehehe
User A: All youre sexy boddy bb
User B: :)
User A: you dont want me make love two you
User A: Ji
User A: Were you go
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyy sorry I fell asleep last night :P
User B: Its ok my love
User A: :)
User B: IM WOORK
User B: NOW. BB
User A: oh im at school
User B: Ummm nice
User B: I love uu so mucho mwwwa
User A: muahhh
User B: OK TEX AT LUNCH TIME
User A: kk bye have fun
User B: Fun haha not BB im woork now
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Bb were u are
User A: Hii
User A: My love
User B: hiii
User A: Were you are
User B: at home
User A: Can i calle you
User B: no my mom is home
User A: Hooo ok no problem
User A: And how its everithing. Wz. You
User A: REALLY I WANT SE YOU SOMEWHERE
User B: good you? we have to wait until my mom works! what would you want to do
User A: I WANT ALL. YOU BB
User A: THAS ONLY I WANT IT YOU
User B: what do you mean
User A: LOVE MAKE LOVE TWO YOU
User B: :) <3
User A: What you Do not want two
User B: i don't know exactly what you want to do
User A: Ummmm
User B: ?
User A: I WANT MAKE SEX TWO YOU YOU LIKE ME MAKE TWO YOU
User B: u want to have sex with me? :)
User A: Yeaaa
User B: how can we?i cant drive since im 14 lol
User A: YOU NEVER MAKE SEX
User A: BUT I DONT KNOW YOU LIKE ME AND I WOULD LOVE MAKE WIHT YOU
User B: i have before :)
User A: Yea you Do before
User B: huh
User A: BUT TELL ME YOU LIKE HAVE SEX WIHT ME
User B: ya i would if u want to!
User A: Yea i want bb
User B: where would we go
User B: im going to take a nap.ill text u when i wake up
User A: were i thing wee go hotel
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hello
User B: hii :)
User A: What you doing
User B: just woke up lol
User A: that good why not invite me to walk with you
User B: huh lol
User A: What you think of what we were talking earlier
User A: Tell me
User A: Ummm
User B: i was sleeping
User A: Ummm realyy u sleeping two much
User B: i was tired lol
User A: as your cast all day you're tired
User A: I would like sleeping wz you
User B: i would like that too :)
User A: I want be there my love can i go now
User B: my moms home!what days do you work
User A: i work every just sonday of
User B: what time do you work
User A: 7 am two 5 ore 6 pm
User B: oh what do you do
User A: I,m a carpinter
User A: Make a new houses
User B: oh cool!
User A: Ummm
User B: ?
User A: I want se you bb
User A: How we can do
User A: Can you sand a sexy PHOTO
User B: i dont know since you work a lot. i cant send pics through text only email
User A: Yea i work Hart bb
User A: but life is not so if we do not work live
User B: i dont know how we can see eachother since you work a lot
User A: I lost youre msj
User B: i dont know how we can see eachother since you work a lot
User A: I can meet your day to tell me that's no problem for me to work
User A: How but ween you are in the school i go and se you there
User B: what?
User A: tell me when you say that we know where I will be your
User B: idk what your saying
User A: UMMMN. ASSHHHH
User A: Y SAYING WEEN YOU HAVE OPORTUNITI AND CAN GOO SE YOU JUST U HAS TWO LET ME KNOW AND I BE THERE
User B: how if you work so much
User A: Ist not a problem i get off
User B: oh :) ok i will find out when my mom works and then we can! she works 2pm-10pm
User A: Uuu nice bb yeaa cuz really i want kiss you every were
User B: ya i would like that :)
User A: And tell me what you thing a but the sex
User A: ummm me two my love
User B: what do you mean
User A: Just i want know what you thing a but ofrece sex if you like or not just tell me
User B: i had sex before with my old boyfriend
User A: Really and how u file
User B: yeah
User A: Umm ok
User A: And do u want have sex wiht me
User B: i do if you do
User A: Yea i do i love and i like
User B: im afraid of getting pregnant
User A: You never getting pregnant
User A: Cuz we has. See that
User B: see what?if you sent me a pic...i dont get pics on text
User A: NO I SAYING WE HAS TWO BIKERFOL WIHT THE PREGNAT
User B: yes we have to be careful
User A: Yea i know that bb
User A: And how u like the deek big or smoll
User B: haha idk
User A: Tell me how big you like
User B: doesnt matter to me lol
User A: ummm ok but i Lite do you tell
User A: Me what you like
User B: idccc
User A: tell me pleace
User A: you can not imagine how I am now
User B: why
User A: I think of you that why I'm so
User B: im confused
User A: i saying i thing on you that why i,m like that
User A: You want know how i, m
User B: i have to go to bed im tired
User A: Not why adn you live me olone
User A: I whant go to youre bed two
User B: i wish but my mom is home lol
User A: Let me go in by. The windous
User B: hahaha no way I will get in trouble by my mom!
User A: Ummm ok maybee you come up
User B: not tonight lol. i will text you tomorrow goodnight :)
User A: Ok
User A: And tell me how you are on youre bed you have clothes or not
User B: yeah i have tshirt and underwear on
User A: ummm that rich why do not you take your clothes and play
User B: idk lol. im going to sleep goodnight :)
User A: NOT BB NOT GO
User A: PLAY WIHT ME
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Were u are bb
User A: Hiii
User A: Bb were you are
User B: my house
User A: And you mon its there
User B: ya. she works monday
User A: Ammm ok
User B: ?
User A: Love u
User B: :) <3
User A: UMMMMM mwwwwak
User B: :)
User A: What
User A: What u doing
User B: laying in bed im tired
User B: im going to sleep ill text u later
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyy
User B: Hello
User A: what you doin?
User B: In my bed hbu
User A: watchin tv
User B: Me two
User B: I,m so bored
User A: me to lol
User B: I want be there whid u
User A: I want u to be here to :) :P
User B: Yea and what we do ir we steel toghether
User A: what
User B: What we do if i be there whid u
User A: whatever you want to do :)
User B: I want to much bb
User A: what do you mean
User B: I want do two mush whid you
User A: is that good or bad lol
User B: Is good bb
User B: Is so good all i want do to u
User A: kk :)
User B: Yeaa do u want
User A: want what?
User B: All i want is kiss u every were
User B: DO u want that
User A: ya that sounds like fun :)
User B: Yeaa do u want make all that whid me
User A: ya if u do
User B: Yea i want
User B: Tell me how you are now you are in youre bed now
User A: my mom works Monday if u want to hang out still
User A: yeah im laying in bed bored
User B: Yeaa if you want i go monday
User B: Really end how u are you have clothes or not
User A: yeah if you want to :)
User A: yeah I have clothes
User B: Yea. I want go monday
User B: Why you dont take of all youre clothes
User A: idk haha..what time Monday?4:00?
User B: Yea if u want 4 i be there a 4
User A: yay :) what are we going to do
User B: I dont NO what u like to do
User B: Tell me
User A: ill do anything
User B: You chure
User B: U shure
User A: yaaaa
User B: Ummm ok
User B: Bb i love u
User B: Do u like to be my girl freen
User A: yesss!!! :)
User B: Really
User B: I like you
User A: I like u to :)
User B: Yeaa u like me so mush
User A: :)
User B: I want a photo how can send one yo mee
User A: make an email
User B: How
User A: go to www.yahoo.com and make one
User B: Ok i tryy
User B: What you do
User A: what
User B: What u doing now
User A: jus got done eating pizza. u?
User B: Nice i,m in my bed
User B: I nide u here
User A: why lol
User B: Cuz i want u
User B: I want make love u i want make sex to u
User A: I don't want to get pregnant
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hello bb
User A: Sorry i get up now
User B: you sleep late!!:P
User A: Yea today tea cuz i dont Word
User A: Yea today yes cuz i don work
User A: Hoy You are now. Are u in home
User B: yes
User A: You are just u Ore mom is there
User B: mom is here. she wont be here tomorrow
User A: What time she not there tomorrow
User B: 2-10..want to hang out at 4:00?
User A: Yea want if you want to
User B: i do if u do :)
User A: Yea i do bb
User A: Where we gonna go
User B: i dont know..where should we go?
User A: Tell me where
User B: not my house lol
User A: Ok i know but tel where we should go
User B: idkkkk u tell me!
User A: I want stop in youre hounse
User B: we cant go to my house!do u know where holy angels church is?i will walk there and u can pick me up there
User A: Ok that fine but i want know where u like go
User B: idk ill go wherever u wuna go
User A: Ok But i would like do you like go
User A: Ok but iwould like do u tell me where u want go
User B: u told me before u wanted a hotel
User A: Yea do u want go to the hotel
User B: ya if u do :)
User B: nobody will see us there
User A: Ummmm ok bb you put me hot
User A: Yea i know that
User B: ok
User A: Love
User A: U want know how i have my dig now
User B: what?
User A: Mwwwk
User A: Love u
User B: im excited :)
User B: love u to
User A: Why u are excited
User B: im excited to hang out with u
User A: Me two bb
User A: I be there i promise two u
User B: are you going to be able to get done with work early tomorrow?
User B: :)
User A: Yea i have two tell my bos i have teo getup erlly cuz i have something two do
User B: ok :)
User A: Yeaa cuz you get my i do to you everithing bb
User B: huh?
User A: You has to be my i want make to u everithing
User B: like what :)
User A: Like kis u tush u like everithing
User A: Do u want all that
User B: yaaa :) ;)
User A: Yea the more inport i want tush os youre sexy boddy
User B: i will like that!:)
User A: Yeaaa i want take of all youre clothes and do all i want
User A: I want put my finger on your sexy puzzy
User B: hehehe :) im excited
User B: we cant tell people since im 14
User A: Really you file something now tell me what you file
User A: Not we dont has two do that cuz i know u are only 14 and that is bad
User A: Cand u put one sexy PHOTO on meetme
User B: i put some on there
User A: When do you put
User A: But i want see someone so sexy
User B: i dont want everyone to see
User A: Noo bb just sand two by msj
User B: it doesnt let me..i dont have meetme on my phone i have it on my computer
User A: Ummm ok fine
User A: Where do u go
User B: im right here lol
User A: Where i dont see u
User B: hahahaha
User A: Ummm tell me what u doing
User B: listening to music. u?
User A: Nice what music like
User B: country mainly :)
User A: Nice
User A: Mwwwak love u
User A: Bb
User B: love u to :)
User A: I can wiht two se you bb really i want make sex whid you
User A: I want all that whid u
User B: i want that to :) :) :)
User A: U wank know what i want
User B: what
User A: U want know do you want me tell what i gonna do to u
User B: ya tell meeee :) :P
User A: Ok i want suck your puzzy soo hard
User B: sounds good to me :)
User A: Do you want me suck youre sexy puzzy
User B: ya if u want to!:) do guys like doing that?
User A: Ummm yea i do o and i like..? And how but u you do to me or not
User B: huh
User A: I saying if you. Do two me
User B: huh
User A: Ummmm suck two me u do or not
User B: ya i do :P
User A: U shure
User A: Really i nide you now
User B: yaaaaa
User A: Ummmm ok
User A: Tell me how is your puzzy big or smole
User B: hahaha idk
User A: Tell me pleace
User B: small i guesss
User A: Really i want suck yes now
User B: huh
User A: Are you bb i nide you whid me here
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :(
User B: Yes bb
User B: Can you give me some addres pleace
User A: 585 main street south meriden
User A: when will u be there
User B: Can u call me
User A: i dont have a lot of minutes on my phone
User B: Ummmm
User B: Ok
User A: when r u guna be there?
User B: I don't have gps
User B: That why I nude u call me
User A: where r u coming from
User B: Ansonia
User B: I coming from bridgeport
User B: Hello
User A: route 15 north to exit 691 west..lewis ave exit...turn right onto lewis..go straight until you have to turn left or right and turn right..go 1 mile until u see
User A: henny penny gass and turn right before the gas station n thats main st..holy angels church 585 main st :)
User A: did u leave yet
User A: ?
User A: ughhh :(
User B: I be there in 10 minutes
User A: kk wht r u driving so i know its u?ill start walking there soon
User B: A red car
User A: ok see u in a few minutes :)
User B: Ok
User B: Where you are
User A: walking there..r u there yet?ill be there in a minute
User B: Yea
User B: Where I don't SE u
User A: r u at holy angels church?im here n i dont see u
User B: Where
User A: holy angels church
User B: Not I,m in the store
User A: 585 main st in meriden
User A: wht store?
User B: Where I,m here
User A: where!?!?im at holy angels church in the parking lot
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hi DB!:)
User A: Lol how's you
User B: Me is good;) how is you?
User A: Mmm I bet lol and im good too
User B: Yep that's for sure;)
User A: Lol
User B: <3
User A: <3
User B: U work out today or play bball?
User A: Not today haha
User B: Lol slacker jk :)
User A: Lol oh bite me
User B: Lol u r the vampire remember :D
User A: True lol
User B: I know I am right:):)
User A: Lmao
User B: U can laugh my funny friend but u know it's all true Word
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hey DB:)
User A: How's you? (:
User B: I'm good! U?
User A: Im good good
User B: R u double good;)
User A: Oh yes lol (:
User B: How come:)
User A: You tell me(;
User B: Ummm Idk lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lmao
User B: What's so funny mister;)
User B: Do u know something idk? Lol
User A: I might lol
User B: U better tell or else!!!
User A: Or else what lol you gonna hurt me lmao
User B: What do u think smarty pants?!
User A: Lol that you cant haha
User B: Oh I can for sure;)
User A: And how's that (:
User B: I will Kung Fu your ass
User A: Lol well bring it
User B: Oh Yeah....
User B: It
User B: Is
User B: On
User A: You bet your ass it is lol
User B: Oh no u didn't lol
User B: U will be crying when it's over
User A: Haha is that so (;
User B: Yep:;)
User A: Mmm well try me (;
User B: I am planning on it
User A: Haha good just hope I dont make you cry (;
User B: That won't happen I am too tough!
User A: Haha well see tho when we're having sex (;
User B: Besides u wouldn't want to make me cry cause I'm too sweet:)
User B: Y would I cry?
User B: Your gonna scare me!
User A: Haha oh I bet your sweet mmm (; and hurt you in a good way (:
User B: Lol ok:) only in a good way
User A: Mmm oh yes(;
User B: U r too funny I <3 it!
User A: And me (:
User B: Yes ofcourse:) how could anyone not
User A: Haha true (:
User B: It sure is:) u r super cute funny and soooo much fun
User A: Oh fun indeed (:
User B: Lol:) like the funest everrrrrr
User A: Ohh you dont even know yet (:
User B: I can only try to guess what that means :D
User A: Al I know is thAt you should be here sitting on top of me (:
User B: Lol like how
User A: Like me laying down and you sitting on my you know lol
User B: Lol I don't know
User A: Lol you sitting on my dick silly
User B: Haha:)
User A: And having it go up in you
User B: Hmmm that sounds tricky
User A: Nah not tricky at all just you sitting on my dick and it going inside you (:
User B: U think it will fit? Nothing's been in there before lol
User A: Lol only 1 way to find out
User B: That's true haha
User B: As long as u go slow I would try it
User A: Haha yeah
User A: Ok deal
User B: :)
User A: (:
User B: What color are your eyes
User A: Green
User B: Cool :) green eyes are the best
User B: Do u have tattoos?
User A: Yes I have my right upper arm full :p
User B: Tattoos are awesome:) so does yours mean something to u?
User A: Yes it does, both mom and dad passed away so I got a cross with a hand holding it saying in loving memory of mom and dad
User B: Wow I'm so sorry Donnie if if was there I would hug u tight
User B: Did they pass away at the same time?
User B: I hope I didn't make u feel sad
User A: No mom passed when I was in 6th grade and dad passed 4 years ago
User B: Were u close with them
User A: Very yes
User B: And like u were so young to lose your mom :(
User A: Yes hun
User B: I'm sorry Donnie <3 <3
User B: I hope I didn't make u feel bad asking u about it
User A: No your fine babe
User B: Ok:) so u doing anything fun today
User A: Getting ready to go out and mow lol
User B: Lol that's no fun haha
User B: U work tonight
User B: Text me later if u want I need to go somewhere with my mom
User B: Have fun with the lawn DB Xoxo
User A: Haha oh I will (: and you have fun too
User B: Sure babe :):)
User A: (: text you soon
User B: Kk;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hey I was just thinking about u:)
User A: I was just thinking about you too (:
User B: Lol good stuff I hope:)
User A: Oh always (:
User B: Same here <3
User A: Oh yeah <3
User B: Yes sir :D
User A: I went on a nice good run (:
User B: That's awesome! I hate running lol but I figure the dancing makes up for it:)
User A: I doubt it lol joking :p
User B: That's enough DB ;)
User B: But for real I am impressed:)!
User A: Haha impressed about what (:
User B: U running! That cool
User A: Well thanks (:
User B: And me being impressed is well a big deal haha
User A: Oh really lol
User B: Yes! So u should feel extra special:)
User A: Ohh I do (;
User B: Goody
User A: Mmm
User B: Hmm
User A: What you thinking
User B: Oh just about u:)
User A: What about me
User B: All good things all good things:)
User A: Tell me babe (:
User B: Well what do u hope I am thinking;)
User A: Idk hopefully something good (;
User B: Ofcourse. I like u Donnie and think you are a super good guy :)
User A: Aww thanks love (:
User B: Your so welcome:):)
User B: What are u thinking?
User A: Me and you (;
User B: U r gonna need to do better than that lol
User B: :)
User A: Haha I think you know tho (:
User B: yeah I think so lol guessing it involves body parts lol
User A: Oh yes haha
User B: lucky guess right haha
User A: Nah lol you knew it (:
User B: yes ofcourse that is pretty much normal DB:)
User A: Lmao good (:
User B: haha u r too funny
User A: I try (:
User B: and u r good at it too! U have to work tonight?
User A: I do yes
User B: :( did u sleep already?
User A: I slept till 1:30pm lol
User B: oh ok lol you have the craziest sleep ever how long have u worked there? do u like working at night or would u rather work during the day?
User A: 6 years and I'd rather work nights
User B: wow thats a long time so why nights
User A: Its more layed back
User B: so like what is this place u work
User A: Its a glass factory we make refrigerater shelves and stove tops
User B: oh ok makes sense now
User B: i dont think I could work at night I would be sleeping lol
User A: Lol oh its not to bad
User B: I want to get paid to dance
User A: Lol it could happen someday
User B: i hope and I lets be clear real dancing not on a pole lol
User A: I know lol
User B: ok haha some people make jokes when u say u want to be a dancer lol
User A: Lol I know it its funny
User B: u think its funny?
User A: No no
User B: lol:) its blood sweat and tears
User A: Lol true
User B: do u like to dance
User B: I bet u could dance really good I would like to see u do some hip hop lol
User A: Nah not a big dancer lol
User B: oh come on u just need the right teacher lol put a little snoop dog on and just let it go LMAO
User B: Im so cracking myself up over here;);)
User A: Lmfao
User B: lol!!! To annoy my mom I tell her its my dream to be in a snoop video and she gets all upset its so freaking funny
User A: Aww lmao
User B: Yeah I am so funny:)
User A: Id say (:
User B: U better:)
User A: Or what lol
User B: Don't test me lol
User A: Mmm lol sounds tempting
User B: I bet haha
User A: :P
User B: Hope u have a good night at work :)
User A: Ehh we'll see lol
User B: :) I'll dream of u DB lol
User A: Mmm you better
User B: Oh I will;)
User A: (;
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u the sun is up:)
User B: Hey (:
User A: Hi what r u doing
User A: Bring me breakfast
User B: What you want?
User A: Lol I'm jk:) I am hungry but my moms here lol
User A: Would u really bring me something tho?
User B: Yes I would
User A: That's sweet:)
User B: I try baby (:
User A: :) u tired?
User B: Kinda yes hun
User A: Aww well go sleep <3
User B: You get over here and sleep with me (:
User A: I wish for real
User B: You and me both love
User A: That would feel so nice
User A: I like to cuddle
User B: I know it (: I love to cuddle
User A: It's the best with the right person:):)
User A: My dog always wants to cuddle but he is big and stinks lol
User B: Aww lmao I dont stink :p
User A: That's a huge bonus!
User B: Oh yeah! (:
User A: Yes babe it is:) I like things that smell good lol
User B: Oh do you now (;
User A: Yes! One time I had to partner with this guy in dance and he he was the worst I literally would gag
User B: Aww eww
User A: Yeah it was bad. But I bet u smell good:)
User B: I do (:
User B: Everywhere (;
User A: Yeah!
User A: Than we can cuddle
User B: Ohh we definitely will cuddle
User A: Lol well that's good too! Ok I can't wait
User A: U make me feel really good. I have never had any guy be this nice to me and say all the things u say. Sometimes the feeling is sooo big it's scary. U make me feel loved and that's the best. I hope I don't sound dumb. I've never felt like this bfore ever
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hello:)
User A: How's you dear? (:
User B: Good ;) u?
User A: Im doing swell lol (;
User B: Swell haha
User A: Lmao dont judge :p
User B: Lol never babe
User A: Lol better not :p
User B: Cross my <3
User A: Lol I believe you
User B: U best be serious DB;)
User A: More serious then a spanking lol
User B: :0
User A: Lmao
User B: Mmhhm
User A: :P
User B: Poop
User A: Lol who you :p
User B: Haha maybe;)
User A: Eww lol
User B: Hahaha noooo
User A: Lmfao
User B: Can I get a what what??
User A: What what lol
User B: Jay Z
User A: Ohh yeah! Song?
User B: It's an old Jay Z song lol I like old school hip hop
User A: Ohh yeah
User B: It has bad words in it tho lol:)
User A: Lmao bad girl
User B: Sshh don't tell
User A: Haha promise
User B: it's a secret;)
User A: Shh
User B: Lol yes:) u must keep all my secrets secret
User A: And if I dont lol
User B: It won't be pretty lol
User A: Lol I wanna hear this
User B: It will be very very bad haha
User A: Tell me lol
User B: And u will never escape
User A: Lmao this sounds like your gonna have me tied up or something lol
User B: Haha u wish
User A: Haha you would tho
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Morning my sexy girl (:
User B: Lol:) hey my DB
User A: Haha how's my sexy girl doing? (:
User B: Tired lol how's my DB doing? ;)
User A: Me too haha tired but wanna get more tired then we are now? (;
User B: Lol ?
User A: Lol oh you know how (;
User B: With u I never know haha
User A: Oh yes you do babe (:
User B: Haha umm no tell me :D
User B: Where is your mind goin lol!
User A: Haha down your panties (;
User B: You are so bad haha
User A: Haha oh you wait it gets worse (;
User B: Oh I am sure lol
User B: where r u lol
User A: Im at home getting ready to shower (;
User B: :) lol
User B: I have a ?
User A: Yes babe
User B: When u text it's really cool and I like talking to u a lot But do u talk to me cause u like talking to ME or are u looking to have someone talk dirty to like a hotline I think it's funny when u say all that and I like it but like is that stuff about me or could it be anyone? It's totally cool whatever just so I know so I don't get myself all confused ya know
User A: Yes its just for you
User B: ok:) I know u dont like talking about feelings lol but I hate feeling dumb so I would rather just know U know u rock my world DB lol :):)
User A: Haha and you rock mine(:
User B: Ok:) but can I get a what what?
User A: What what lol
User B: thanks I needed that!!!
User B: U going to sleep?
User A: Soon yes lol
User B: Ok:) hope it's nice xoxo
User A: Me too lol
User B: :)
User A: (:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: He took over my bed!
User B: Aww lol
User A: No he needs to roll out of here:)
User A: Y am I awake lol
User B: Lol very true cuz only I can lay with you (:
User B: Thats a good question
User B: Lol
User A: Heck yeah I bet u smell better;)
User A: I'm a rebel
User B: Haha I may but I bet I dont right now :p
User A: I don't even care;)
User B: Haha whys that babe
User A: A stinky u is better than no u:)
User B: Aww haha (: but I'd still shower :p
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey u:)
User A: Whats good? (:
User B: Me lol;) how about u?
User A: Oh I know you are lol (;
User B: Haha u bet DB! :):)
User A: Haha mmm (;
User B: Hmmm;)
User A: Lol whats that mind of yours thinking? (:
User B: Only good things about a super super cute guy I know ^_^
User A: Oh really (:
User B: Yessss sound like anyone u know??
User A: Hmm idk lol :p
User B: Haha duh
User A: Dont you duh me dear lol
User B: Yeah yeah w/e :D
User A: Lol are you wanting a spanking babe?
User B: U don't scare me DB:)
User A: Haha I dont try to :p
User B: Oh your all talk haha
User A: Towards you yes lol
User B: What's that mean?
User A: Lol giving you a hard time (:
User B: Lol ok smarty:) wasn't sure
User A: Well now you knoe huh :p
User B: Mhmm
User A: Mmm
User B: What's your fav candy lol
User B: One u can't resist
User A: Thats a easy one you (:
User B: Haha good answer:):)
User B: But really what is it?
User B: I need to know:)
User A: Them butterscotch hard candy things
User B: Really? Ok;)
User A: Haha why? (:
User B: Can't tell u lol
User B: Surprise lol
User A: Plz (:
User B: Then it won't be a surprise :) I'm gonna do something nice for u
User B: Eeeeekkkk lol
User A: Aww you dont have too (:
User B: Yeah I know:) but I want to:) Im gonna save it for u and hopefully one day can give it to u <3 I'm making it
User B: With candy haha
User A: Aww (: your such a sweetheart baby <3 I love you!!
User B: <3 I love u
User A: Aww baby(:
User B: Yes how can I not?
User A: ((: mwah
User B: :*
User A: (:
User B: Someday ;)
User A: Oh I know I will and I will soon (:
User B: Mmk <3 :)
User B: Or i might eat all your candy!
User A: You eat my candy and ill be eating you (;
User B: Hmmm choices choices lol
User A: Lol yes
User B: I think I have a new fav candy:)
User A: Lol you eat it then imma eat you babe lol
User B: I'm sorry but I may need to eat it hahahaha
User A: Well then lol
User B: Lol funny boy
User B: But I'm way funnier
User A: Oh are you now lol
User B: I'm sure u can agree babe
User A: I do agree (:
User B: Sweeeeeeet
User A: :
User A: ((:*
User B: Me likey haha
User A: You eating my candy lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yummyyyyyy
User B: Babe ): fine lol I have no choice but to eat you out then
User A: Oh noooo;);)
User A: Ooooooooooooo
User B: Oh yes baby
User A: Hehe umm
User A: Lmao
User B: Lmao what
User A: U lol
User B: What I do lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yep and u r the best!
User A: FYI.... I'm eating an apple lol!
User B: Where's mine lol
User A: I have one right here for u lol but it won't last long:) I will eat that one too!
User B: Lol your asking for it ain't you babe
User A: Asking for what lol?
User B: It lol
User A: What's IT?? Idk what that means lol
User B: The tongue babe lol
User A: Ooooooo haha I get it now
User B: Lol do you now
User A: Yes just took a min to catch up:)
User B: Haha what does it mean then :p
User A: Oh no lol! I think u mean your gonna lick me haha
User B: Lol mmm yes but where? (;
User A: If I had to guess knowing u I would guess umm... either north or south of the border lol
User B: Haha mostly south (; but yes alot up north too (;
User A: Yeah I get an A++ in DB mind reading!
User B: Haha yes you sure do (;
User A: :):);)
User B: Mmm mmm
User A: Lol u r a nut!
User B: I got your nut baby lol
User A: Like a cute lil squirrel lol
User B: Lol if you wanna call it that but I was talking about a different nut lmao
User A: A walnut? a peanut? Almond?
User B: My nut lol
User A: LMAO your nut:)
User B: Lol yes my nut come see (:
User A: Sure I'll hitchhike there walk or make my way by covered wagon lol
User B: It'll definitely be worth it (;
User A: Shut up lol u r just a tease!
User B: Im not gonna tease you when your here baby im seriously gonna do everything to you I tell you
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok! This other apple is really yummy;)
User B: Ohh is it now (:
User A: Yeah it WAS lol
User B: Lmao its on now
User A: Haha it was really good too super crunchy and sweet lolllllll
User B: Lol oh your gonna be sweet
User A: Yeah but not crunchy lol
User B: Lol I'd hope not haha
User A: Lmao
User B: Haha
User A: How come your awake lol? U work to tonight?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yes yes lol
User B: Hahaha u r something :);)
User A: Haha I try to be (:
User B: There is no try only do
User A: Oh no I try lol
User B: That's what makes u soooo likable :)
User A: Is that right (:
User B: Yeah duh
User A: Psh lol
User B: ;)
User A: (;
User B: I ate like 4 apples today lol
User A: Meanie lol
User B: Haha I know there might be one left:) when we go grocery shopping I bag up like 15 at a time haha and they don't last long I may have a problem
User A: Haha you just may
User B: Yeah it's bad and I eat oranges too and cheese sticks as meals LMAO I'm so crazy
User A: Lol sounds yummy
User B: U like my menu lol
User A: Lol oh yes
User B: I do eat a lot of nuts too but I was scared to say that LMAO
User A: Lmfao bad girl
User B: See and that's why! I take bags of nuts with me when I leave the house:)
User A: Wait you eat them or do you lick and suck em lol :p
User B: I am gonna slap u silly lmao!!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Bring it lol
User B: Oh I will mr buzz boyyyy
User A: Thats right
User B: Yes sir;)
User A: Lol (;
User B: I'm hungry
User A: Me too
User B: What do u want to eat
User A: You lol
User B: I should have known lol
User A: Haha you started it lol
User B: Oh nuts
User B: I am out of cheese sticks lol
User A: Aww lol
User B: It's an f'ing crime!
User A: Lmao
User B: I'm getting wound up lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: You still awake? :p
User B: I woke back up lol:) just layin in bed
User A: Aww come watch this movie with me (:
User B: What movie
User A: Street dance 2
User B: lol u trying to get some moves for a dance off lol;)
User A: Yes (;
User B: Well good luck;)
User A: Haha your gonna dance with me (:
User B: I sure will!
User A: Good lol you better (:
User B: Ofcourse for u;)
User A: Great babe (:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey u
User A: How's you
User B: Ok just babysitting lol What about u
User A: Watching dance movies again lol
User B: R u serious?? Which ones
User B: Step up??
User A: You got served: beat the world
User B: What is going on over there DB? Lol I just knew you were a dancer deep down lol I sooo love it
User B: My old dance teacher was in one of the Step Up movies I think the second one
User A: Oh really now
User B: Yep! I cannot believe u would watch a dance movie without me! The nerve lol
User A: Haha just like how you ate my candy :p
User B: I know what's going on.... U think u r gonna have a dance challenge with me don't u....LMAO
User A: Yes lol
User B: U little F'er that's it now lol
User A: Lmao whats it now
User B: Idk this is the worst one yet;) and btw I have your candy and it's intact lol
User B: I may have eaten one or two but no more
User A: Haha how much worse can it get?
User A: Haha you better
User B: This type of thing will take years of therapy to get over lol ;)
User B: I know exactly how u need to make this up to me lol!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Good good hun you (:
User B: Good
User A: Aww really (;
User B: Well sure:)
User A: Good you better (;
User B: And Y is that lol;)
User A: Haha just cuz (:
User B: Ok boss
User A: Haha thats right lol :p
User B: I'll let ya lol
User A: Let me what lol
User B: Be the boss haha
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: and good morning lol
User B: Morning precious (:
User A: Hi handsome:):)
User B: Hey beautiful (:
User A: Hey hot stuff:)
User B: Hey sexy (:
User A: Hey mr smokin hot haha
User B: Haha nice one (: hey sweet tits (;
User A: Lol umm hey cute butt
User B: Haha you haven't seen my butt yet tho :p and hey tasty lips (; if you know what I mean lol
User A: Nope but I bet I'm right and btw u haven't tasted nothing hahaha including the candy!
User B: Haha oh I can just taste it tho, as your prolly really sweet and that im gonna wanna keep licking (;
User A: What exactly r u gonna lick and for how long:)
User B: Haha parts (; and prolly for a good while (;
User A: Hmmm should I give u candy in between haha
User B: Haha after I get done with you (;
User A: Well then I will eat it while I wait haha
User B: Haha so your gonna eat candy while im licking on you babe (;
User A: Maybe is that a problem?? It would make it all the better but hopefully I won't choke if things get too fun haha
User A: Those hard candies r choking hazards lmao
User B: Haha babe things will get way to fun, and if you want something to suck on babe, I got something for you (; and you wont choke on it lol
User A: More candy???
User A: I lovvvvvveeeee candy
User B: Haha well you can call it candy baby lol but you have to do alot of sucking lol
User A: A big lollipop? What flavor
User B: Yes a big lollipop just for you and idk you gotta make that call babe
User A: Those things take forever to eat ;)
User A: Hmm lol it's not candy is it?
User B: Haha well you gotta suck on it till you get whats in the inside (;
User B: A lollipop babe but a different kind (;
User A: A blow pop!
User B: Yes like a blow pop lol
User A: Is there gum in there
User B: Haha no gum but thats very close (;
User A: It's like gum?
User A: Lol
User B: Haha well its not chewy
User A: Chewy is bad for the teeth anyway:)
User B: Haha oh I know it lol
User A: U r crazy lol but I like it lots
User B: Haha good baby, what if I say come here and ill let you suck on it (;
User A: I would ask what do u want sucked?:)
User B: Haha whats only thing on me you can suck on baby? (:
User A: Haha u r bad
User B: Do you know (;
User A: I have an idea I think
User B: Tell me
User A: Noooo I can't say it
User B: Oh yes you can lol
User A: U say it first and I'll repeat the word haha
User B: My dick lol
User A: Your dick
User B: Gotta say the whole thing now lol
User A: What?????
User A: R u doing something during this convo
User B: Like I wanna suck your then finish lol
User B: Haha like what babe
User A: Oh idk Donnie
User B: Lol plz just say it scaredy cat lol
User A: But r u doing something??
User B: Say it and I'll answer you lol
User A: No cause if u wanna hear it then make it real. I will say ANYTHING u want
User A: I know what u r up to
User B: Plz baby just say it for me, gotta start being a bad girl sometime lol
User B: And what am I up too
User A: Hmmm
User B: Plzzzz baby
User A: Ok...
User A: If u wanted me to......
User B: Yes baby I want you too
User A: I would suck your dick
User B: Mmm now your starting to be a bad girl (:
User A: I can't believe I just put that in a text lol
User A: What do bad girls do
User A: Text dirty stuff? Do u like bad girls?
User B: I love bad girls (: why im trying to turn you into one baby
User A: U are? So if I did turn into one would I do that would be bad??
User B: Yes you would be bad baby
User A: Like what do u like bad girls to do? And how will I know if it's bad enough lol
User A: U better tell me after making me say bad words lol
User B: I love when bad girls sit on top of me on my dick and bounces on it hard over and over
User A: Woah lol is that gonna hurt
User A: Is that what u want me to do
User B: Less then what imma do to you lol
User B: And yes baby it is
User A: What do u mean that will hurt less than what? Lol
User B: Like it's gonna hurt less when your bouncing on my dick then when I'm gonna fuck you lol
User A: Yikes y is that??
User A: Can u be a little careful lol
User B: Cuz when your on top you dont gotta go all the way down on my dick, and when im fucking you im gonna stick it all the way in
User A: Oh ok lol good to know lol
User A: But no for real it's not gonna really hurt right??
User B: If im on top yes it will lol if your on top not as bad
User A: Is there a way to make it hurt less and only first time right?
User B: Yeah if we go really slow lol, dont worry ill go easy on you
User A: I don't want to be scared
User A: U promise
User B: Aww dont be scared thats gonna make it worse hun
User B: I promise you yes
User A: Ok I totally trust u
User A: Is this really gonna happen?:)
User B: Yes babe if you want it too (:
User A: I do totally as long as u still want me
User B: Of course im still gonna want you (: your my gf (;
User A: I am? U never said that before
User B: Yes you sure are (:
User A: That makes me the happiest ever!
User B: Good baby
User A: And u do love me right?
User B: Very very much
User A: Good cause then it makes whatever we do ok right:):) I really love u
User B: It still would make it right even if we weren't dating babe (:
User B: But I really do love you too
User A: I just want to do all those awesome things with somebody who really loves me and I'm so happy it's u:) I promise I will be the best gf u ever had. I know I can make u super happy
User B: I believe you baby (: and I would wanna have sex with any other girl but you (:
User A: That's sweet but I hope u mean wouldn't lol <3
User B: Yes lol sorry I meant wouldn't
User A: Haha ok good:) so like what happens now??
User B: What you mean baby
User A: So does this mean I get to meet u now?
User B: You were even if we weren't dating babe
User A: I would love love love that :)
User B: Me too (:
User A: I was starting to worry u changed your mind about me
User B: Heck no
User A: Best news evvvver!!
User B: ((:
User A: So like how will we see each other I can't tell my mom lol
User B: Lol I know we'll figure something out
User A: I hope so I'm a good liar so don't worry haha
User B: Bad girl (:
User A: Well we know who's to blame:)
User A: Good or bad I'll be it for u <3
User B: Haha its me :p
User A: Yep :p
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I try (:
User B: There u r doing it again:)
User A: Lol doing what again
User B: Being cute duh:) guess what I'm doing lol
User A: Haha I have no clue :p
User B: U r probably thinking something dirty lol
User B: I am watching Dancing with the Stars and eating.....
User B: APPLES!!!!
User B: I'm on #2
User A: Haha no for once im not :p
User A: Haha slow down :p
User B: That's what happens when u turn a girl from good to bad lol;)
User A: Lmao is that right (:
User B: I can only imagine what's next >: )
User A: Haha well (;
User B: Yepppp
User A: :P
User B: Mhmm
User A: What you doing
User B: Laying on my bed taking a break U
User A: Lol what you taking a break from
User B: Haha I just like to sometimes sit in the quiet and think:)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey (:
User B: Hey:) I just walked out of dance class
User A: Perfect timing then huh lol
User B: Yes I need a shower lol bad
User A: Eww lmao
User B: Yeah it's bad haha but girls aren't as gross as guys lol
User A: Lmao very true but I love sweating
User B: Me too
User A: Lol oh yeah
User B: Yessss
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :p
User B: Yeehaw
User A: Yeehaw
User B: :D
User A: ((
User A: ((:
User B: LMAO
User B: I'm clean!
User A: Lol yay (:
User B: Yeah I feel 100 times better
User B: I celebrated by eating my 4th apple of the day:):)
User A: Lmao goofy
User B: I am cracking myself up lol
User A: Lol why
User B: I have a real problem with these apples and it's making me laugh
User A: Lmao I know you do haha
User B: I really do I can't stop I think I need help :-0
User A: Lol no you dont babe
User B: Ok good :)
User A: ((:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Goodnite
User B: Aww you going to bed hun
User A: I'm so tired and my body hurts bad lol
User B: Aww im sorry ill massage it for you
User A: Lol I need it too much stretching I think
User A: And I'm out of apples:(
User B: Aww sorry babe, aww that sucks ):
User A: Lol haha
User A: Well have a good night DB :)
User B: Thanks babe love you (:
User A: Love u too:)
User B: You better lol
User A: Lol I do I do
User B: I believe you (:
User A: U better
User B: (:
User A: :) (:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: It's ok just miss u
User B: I miss you too baby
User A: Yeah yeah :)
User B: Shush lol I do (:
User A: Mhmm
User B: What you doing
User A: Gonna take a shower lol
User B: Im coming (:
User A: Haha
User B: I am lol
User A: Too slow I'm done
User B: Lol meanie
User A: Lol u snooze u lose haha
User B: Hush lol
User A: No
User B: Lol
User A: Ok
User B: Ok
User A: Yep
User B: Yep
User A: :) so what r u up to
User B: Showrr time (:
User A: clean up lol
User B: Yes yes (:
User A: Clean is good ya know
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Oh u silly boy:)
User B: You know you like it (:
User A: Why yes I do;)
User B: Good lol you better (:
User A: Oh ya
User A: Or what
User B: Lol spanking time
User A: Lol u always say that haha
User B: Cuz im really gonna do it to you
User A: Ouch!!
User B: But ill have to kiss it after cuz I'll feel bad(:
User A: Lol ok;)
User B: Oh you like that huh(;
User A: Lol idk haha
User B: Lol I know you do
User A: Y u say that? :)
User B: Lol you winked after I said it (:
User A: Lol
User B: Haha so that is a yes that you'd like it (: but I'd be loving it!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Haha kissing your ass hell yes (;
User B: Lol:) u should always do that!
User A: Haha what kiss your ass?
User B: Ah yeah duh lol
User A: Haha im going to alot when you come over (;
User B: U r? Am I coming over? Lol
User A: Now yes
User A: Lol
User B: Liar!!!
User A: I know baby I wish tho!!
User B: :(
User A: Anothrr week and my sis will be moved out (:
User B: Hmm really
User B: :)
User A: Hmm yes babe (:
User B: Cool:):)
User A: Oh yes
User B: I'll count the mins ^_^
User B: And every min late one less piece of candy lmao
User A: Lol you wouldn't
User B: Butterscotch soooo yummy
User A: Mmm
User B: Yep gonna eat one and might get crazy and eat 2
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hi
User A: How are you
User B: I'm ok how about u
User A: Im good I miss you
User B: U do?
User A: I do yes
User B: I really thought u just didn't like me anymore
User A: I've always liked you hun I never will stop either
User B: I really really want to believe that
User A: You should
User B: Ok. I just really like u a lot and I got worried
User A: You got nothing to worry bout hun
User B: Okkkkkkay:)
User A: Yes ((:
User B: ^_^
User A: (;
User B: hugs:)
User A: Hugs and kisses (:
User B: same to u babe <3
User A: Mwah <3
User B: :):)
User A: What you doing
User B: i ate pizza and now just sitting here lol what about u
User A: Lol eating another sandwich lol
User B: What number is it lol I have more apples lol:)
User A: Lol 2 :p but now I'm full Lol yayy (:
User B: Lollll
User A: :P
User A: Now for dessert (:
User B: Which is......
User A: You lol
User B: Yum yum
User A: Ohh yes yes lol
User B: Yum yum eatum up
User A: What exactly am I eating up lol
User B: U decide haha
User A: Haha well its either your boobs or your other spot (;
User B: Hehe guess it's your call
User A: Can I have both? (:
User B: That's extra:)
User B: But yes
User A: It'll cost me but I want both (;
User B: Yep it sure will haha
User A: Haha and what do I gotta do to make up for it
User B: But I'm pretty generous haha
User A: Haha I know you want something babe just name it
User B: Still deciding ;)
User B: I don't know what to want just want it to feel good lol
User A: Haha well if you suck on my yoi know babe then I promise to make it feel really good (;
User B: You know lollllllll what will u do
User A: Fine lol if you suck on my dick lol ill make it feel damn good
User B: Haha but I still don't know what u will do And yeah I can do that for u:)
User A: Im gonna lick on you so much and then im gonna stick it in you and fuck you for so long
User A: (((:
User B: Haha that's a lot but sounds pretty good
User A: Oh yoi just wait it'll be alot better in person baby
User B: Well geeze I sure would hope lol It's even more exciting for me cause I can't even think what it will all feel like. I think about it a lot
User A: Ohh do you really?
User B: Yep I do
User A: Like what about
User B: I want to know what it feels like to do all the stuff in your stories I want to know what it feels like to have an O lol
User A: Lol you will (:
User B: I really can't wait to feel all that awesome stuff in my body
User B: Lol I keep passing out Night Donnie <3
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ((:
User B: Lol hi
User A: How's you (:
User B: happy:) u
User A: So so tired )
User A: ):
User B: Aww go to sleep
User A: Im fine for now hun, once I shower ill be awake alittle lol
User B: Oh ok:)
User A: (:
User B: ;)
User A: Hey now hey now
User B: Huh? Lol
User A: Lol huh (:
User B: idk u said hey now and I got confused haha
User A: Lmao cuz you winked at me silly
User B: Oh yeah haha ;);)
User B: How about that mister haha
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lmao you know it huh (:
User B: Well u would know u r the biggest of all;)
User A: Lol I am not (;
User B: Oh no u so r!!!!!
User A: Shh lol
User B: See u know I'm right hahha
User A: Shud lmao
User B: Don't make me hurt u lol
User A: Mmm (; do it
User B: I will find u O_O
User A: Mmm you dont have too
User B: I don't Y
User A: Lol cuz imma come get you
User B: Well I triple million dog dare u :D
User A: Oh do you (;
User B: well yes yes i do
User A: We're gonna have to go somewhere so you can do me in my car(;
User B: lol u r teasing me again and u involve the mustang too which makes it even worse
User A: Lol whys it make it worse
User B: cause when u combine my fav person and car well lol....
User A: Lol well what
User B: its like putting a bunch of yummy apples in front of me and saying you cant have any lol:)
User A: Lmao true (: but im letting you have me (;
User B: haha cool:) i'll take it ;)
User A: Lol oh you'll get it (;
User B: ok DB:);)
User B: or no candy haha
User A: Lol I dont need candy I just need you (:
User B: Aww that was really sweet Big hug for that:)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yayy (:
User B: Lol :) I think I will keep u
User A: Oh really (:
User B: Is that ok:)
User A: Of course (:
User B: Yayy:):)
User A: ((:
User B: <3
User A: <3
User B: Sigh:)
User A: (;
User B: Lol
User B: DB u r killin me over here
User A: Aww lol why
User B: Just r:)
User A: Oh yeah (:
User B: Yep:)
User A: ((:
User B: Donnie:)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: U know:)
User A: What do to say to me?
User A: U*
User B: Haha I want you telling me (:
User A: I can't say it!!!! Lol
User B: Lol plz
User A: I'm no good at it like u
User B: Lol
User A: It's true
User B: Its all good but hey imma get some sleep
User A: Bye
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey (:
User B: Hey
User A: Wassup
User B: Home from dance just showered. U?
User A: Just made spaghetti lmao
User B: I want some I am so hungry lol:):)
User A: Come get some babe (:
User B: Ok I will be there soon:)
User A: Ok (:
User B: Lol leaving now haha be there soon:)
User A: Hurry (:
User B: Lol what would u do if I showed up at your door for reals :D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Kiss you
User B: I would love that:)
User A: Me too
User B: Yummy
User A: :P
User B: ;)
User B: I would give u a super big hug
User A: (;
User B: U know what else I would give u
User A: What babr
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey
User A: How's you
User B: Little tired lol u
User A: Me too and I got a headache
User B: That's no good:( u have To work
User B: Missed u D
User A: I know hun ): and I missed you too
User B: Can't u take something for your head
User A: Already did hun
User B: Aww can u lay done or put ice on it. Maybe u did too much thinking today?
User A: Im already on my way to work dear
User B: I hope u feel better babe
User A: Thanks babe
User B: Hugs
User A: Aw thanks (:
User B: Yep:)
User A: ((:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi there
User B: How are ya (:
User A: Not bad u
User B: Helping my sister move once they bring the uhaul back
User A: Aww that's nice u Did your headache ever go away?
User B: Yes it did (:
User A: Oh good:) I felt bad for u that's the worst. When I get a headache like that I use ice or if I can find a really cold can of soda and hold it on my head. It works every time lol
User B: Oh really
User A: Haha yeah
User B: Haha (:
User A: Genius I know
User B: Lol yes you are
User A: It's not easy being this smart and this cute all at once :D
User B: Lol thats very true
User A: I am glad u agree
User A: How is everything else
User B: Haha what you mean
User A: Lol I am a dork they were separate thoughts haha
User A: Funny
User B: Uh huh lol
User A: Haha ok
User B: :P
User A: ^_^
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Im very tired im having a couple drinks now lol
User B: Watch out lol
User A: Haha it'll be all good im home drinking
User B: Lol u could get in trouble anywhere ;)
User A: Haha nit at home tho (:
User B: Oh I bet u could lol I have seen your texts lol
User A: Lmao what I say
User B: That filthy language of yours;) LMAO
User A: Shh lmao
User B: U know it's true :D
User A: :P
User A: You like it tho (:
User B: Yep
User A: ((:
User B: Lol;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Go to sleep lol
User B: You coming lol
User A: Yes but no snoring ok
User B: Cant promise that lol
User A: Well damn that's too bad lol
User A: I am so tired
User B: You and me both
User A: Go to sleep u nut
User B: Lol ill give you my nut
User A: How many lol
User B: Lmao no no I mean my dick :p
User A: Hahaha ok
User B: Haha yea silly
User A: :)
User B: You want it huh (:
User A: Haha u offering
User B: I sure am
User A: Ok I accept the offer lol
User B: Haha come now (:
User A: Lol it will be morning by the time I get there lol
User B: Haha I do have a car :p
User A: Come get me I will jump out a window lol
User B: Lmao can I come get you
User A: Haha I wish
User B: Aw you cant
User A: Would u really come if I could
User A: Or r u faking the funk?
User B: Yes I really would babe and im seriously no messing around love
User A: Well crap next time tell me cause u know I can't just walk out the front door lol
User B: Sorry baby I will (: we definitely could of had sex tonight if I would of said something :P
User A: U were too busy boozing, being grouchy and trying to fix your TV! Lol
User B: Well you could of fixed it all for me :P
User A: Yeah had u told me pfft
User B: Sorry dear
User A: Lol it's fine I don't look so cute right now anyway haha
User B: Haha you dont need to look cute babe (:
User A: Look DB after texting u for like two months when I see u I am gonna be looking F I N E and not all scrubby lol
User B: Haha but when you get here your not gonna be looking fine babe lol
User A: Haha that's okay as long as I do for a few mins
User B: Haha we may not even make it all the way to my place with you looking fine lol
User A: Haha lol u r a rebel:)
User B: Lmfao
User A: U r and I still have your candy:) I haven't really eaten it and won't.
User B: You better not lol
User A: I won't I swear boss:)
User B: Good :p I wouldn't wanna have you do anything on the way here lol:P
User A: Like what lol
User B: Force your head down to my dick so you gotta suck on it lol
User A: While u r driving? That's called distracted driving lol
User B: Lol no no ita called roadhead baby (:
User A: Haha sound dangerous
User B: Maybe alittle lol but ill take the chance(;
User A: Haha hope u have good driving skills lol
User B: Im pretty good babe (: you can do your best to me:P
User A: Lmao there should be a law against that
User B: Lmao no ones gotta one im getting my dick sucked on the road :p
User B: Gotta know*
User A: Hahahaha u r something I tell ya
User A: One of a kind lol
User B: Lol you love it tho :p
User A: How could I not. I haven't stood a chance against your unique charm:):) btw r u drunk?
User B: Alittle bit hun yes
User A: Haha what did u drink
User B: Captain and coke
User A: Is that rum
User B: It sure is lol
User A: Give me some :D
User B: Ever drink before hun? Lol
User A: No not really but want to try it lol
User A: Not a lot just a little
User B: I can do that hun
User A: Cool:) that's awesome but I want to try something that tastes good
User B: I got something for you, there good really good
User A: Ooh what is it
User B: Forget what its called but its a girly drink
User A: Cool as long as it tastes good
User A: That will be fun
User B: Bet you'd like it
User A: I'm sure
User B: Me too
User A: I don't think I should drink a lot tho lol just a little
User B: Only alittle yes, maybe a bottle or 2
User A: Ok lol whatever u think:)
User B: Lol (:
User A: This will be some kind of party lol I can't wait!!
User B: Yes it will lol
User A: Well let's get the partay started!!!!!!
User B: I so agree
User A: Tick tick lol
User A: More than all that I really want to hug u.
User A: Soon?
User B: Yes hun of course very possible for next weekend (:
User A: Cool cool and I will save my very best hug for then
User A: I need sleep zzzzzzzz
User A: Night night
User B: Night babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Oh you'll like mine too (:
User B: Lol what r u up to now?
User A: Lol what you mean
User B: Your text sounded like u were up to something lol
User A: LmAO maybe I was :p
User B: See I knew it ^_*
User A: Haha :P you were right lol
User B: Do u miss me?
User A: I miss you lots! (:
User B: Aww I miss u lots and lots
User A: You better (:
User B: Oh I know better than to mess with U;)
User A: Lmao quick learner you are (;
User B: Yes yes sir :)
User A: LmAO smart girl (;
User B: Hehe yep
User A: :P
User B: How is your car;)
User A: Would you like to find out? (;
User B: Lol yeah! U know I love your car:)
User A: You wanna make love in it dont you? (:
User B: Lol:) umm do u
User A: With you yes (;
User B: u r sweeeeeeeet:) i bet it would awesome to ride in that car with you and do whatever we wanted to do :)
User A: Oh really? (: anything huh, (;
User B: With u yeah!
User A: Hmm (:
User B: Yesss
User A: (;
User B: :3
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey (:
User B: Hi!
User B: So weird I thought of u right bfore u texted me:)
User A: How are you hun? (:
User A: Aww really
User B: Just got some from dance so good . How r u?
User B: Yeah I am psychic:)
User A: Im doing good just cooking lol
User A: Haha are you now
User B: Ooh what?
User B: Yes I am
User A: Meat loaf noodles and corn
User B: Wow I'm impressed
User A: Haha are you now
User B: I really am
User B: Lots of guys can't cook
User A: Haha this guy can (:
User B: That is so coolllll
User A: ((:
User B: :):):)
User A: (((:
User B: Haha
User A: ((:
User B: That's it haha
User A: Lol what
User B: U r just so silly it's fun
User A: Lol your silly
User B: Yes I am that's we get along so good:)
User A: Very true (:
User B: But u know I'm cooler right ;)
User A: Psh lol nope
User B: Oh yessss
User A: Lmao
User B: Haha what what
User A: Your butt lol
User B: Your face lol
User A: Between your butt cheeks (:
User B: Hilarious
User A: Lmfao you'd like it (:
User B: Hehe:)
User A: Plus the licking (:
User B: Haha u nut
User A: You know you'd like it baby
User B: I bet u could make anything fun:)
User A: I definitely could (:
User B: U know how u can be somewhere and something really funny happens. It's like impossible not to laugh and there is always one person if u see them u won't be able to hold it in anymore?!! U r that person lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Aww (:
User B: :)
User A: ((:
User B: Night my friend ;)
User A: Night hun (:
User B: ^_^
User A: :P
User B: Text me sooooon
User A: I will (:
User B: Kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Just woke up hun you
User B: Well then good morning!
User A: Its bad when you wake up hard lmao
User B: LMAO
User A: Its not funny babe lol
User B: I think it's the funniest thing I have heard all day :O
User A: Lol ughh
User B: :)
User A: Now you gotta come help lol cuz you were laughing at me
User B: U need help? Lol
User A: Yes lol you putting your hand down my shorts and rubbing it
User B: OMG haha
User A: Oh yes you lol
User B: It's an emergency !!!!
User A: Definitely babe!
User B: Shorty call 911
User A: Your 911 lok
User B: U need an appt lol
User A: Your my doctor (;
User B: Dr Maddie lol
User A: I love it lol
User B: Me too haha
User A: (: now come check me out lol
User B: Hehe
User A: :P
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hi
User A: How are you
User B: im ok how about u
User B: its been so long since i talked to u i thought u were DBnapped
User A: Lol no dear I wasn't DBnapped lmao silly:P
User B: well i could see how that might happen lol ^_*
User A: Haha definitely :P
User B: i have thought of stealing u a few times haha
User B: but really where did u go????????
User A: Do it lol steal me and keep me for yourself, and sorry hun did house work all weekend and helped my brother go pick some stuff up
User A: Now working overtime for work
User B: house work haha and i might do it for real you can make me laugh all day and make food for me when i get hungry lol
User A: Haha and what do I get from you babe? (:
User B: well....me duh :)
User A: Ill take it (:
User B: thats the right answer:):)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: O_O
User B: :P
User A: So what r u doing? We dont talk like we used to. Did u get a woman???
User B: Nope I sure didnt hun
User A: Ohh ok I hope not I will beat her up lol
User B: Lmao dont worry hun im not
User A: I will use my apples as weapons LMAO
User B: Ill use my thing as a weapon towards you lol
User A: LMAO!!!!
User B: Lmfao
User A: U r so funny :D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Oh yeah (:
User B: Lol:) u all clean now?
User A: Yes (:
User B: Thank god lol
User A: Lmao bite me
User B: Pfft I might! I have sharp teeth haha
User A: LmAO sure
User B: I will do it DB lol
User A: LmAO will you now
User B: Yep haha I'm hungry too
User A: I have something you can eat lol
User B: Is it an apple?
User A: Lol nope ill give you a hint its on my body lol
User B: Haha I think I know:)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol what's thing
User B: Your man part haha
User A: Just say it you puss lol
User B: Lol. A penis haha right?
User A: Haha say the other word :P
User B: Which one lol
User B: D
User A: Lol either one
User B: A Dk
User A: The whole thing lol
User B: Nooo
User A: Lame
User B: :(
User A: Lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Who is this??????? Lol
User A: Donnie
User B: Lol I know:):)
User A: Lol do you now
User B: Yes just giving u a hard time:)
User A: Im gonna give you a hard something lol
User B: Haha oh yeah?
User A: Lmao yes
User B: No u won't
User A: Not this weekend but next im coming to get you
User B: When? U better not be joking
User A: Saturday and im not, your gonna feel something hard that day, prolly be on the way here
User B: So not this Sat but next Sat u will come get me?????????????
User A: Yes babe
User B: I hope u really do!!!!
User A: I am and your gonna be rubbing something on the way here lol
User B: Oh yeah what?
User A: My dick
User B: Lol:) u better not let me down I have been waiting forever
User A: Im not hun (:
User B: Ok well I am so excited I can't wait for real! I will start working on a plan to get out of the house
User A: Ok sounds good (: we're gonna have fun
User B: Yes I can't wait:):)
User A: Its gonna be Saturday night tho babe, im gonna work friday night next week then after I sleep imm come get you
User B: Okay like what time u think and will I stay all night or are u gonna bring me back before then? I will see what I can fig out
User A: If yiu can stay that'll be good but if you gotta be home that night then its all good(:
User B: Okay cool. I will get it straight. Like do u know around what time u could come
User A: 6-8
User B: Ok ok :)
User A: That ok hun? (:
User B: Yes I am gonna work on a plan. I can't wait I am so excited I might explode
User A: You should be (: and your gonna work on me (:
User B: Haha lol:):)
User A: Lol well you are tho (:
User B: Donnie I would sing yankee doodle if u asked me to;)
User A: Lol so your saying you'll do whatever I say
User B: Yes lol
User A: Hmmm really (;
User B: I just wanna see u and make u happy! I'm up for anything :)
User A: Aww (:
User B: So what do u want to do? I got the candy!
User A: Im up for anything (:
User B: I know...hang out, eat candy and watch dance movies lmao
User B: I'm gonna tell my mom I am spending the night at a friends cause I want to stay as long as I can
User A: Aww (: as long as we have sex once ill be happy (:
User B: Well then u will be happy:) I am so ready
User A: Me too (:
User B: Super yay
User B: Don't let anyone move in your place in the meantime haha
User A: I wont haha
User B: Ok;)
User A: (;
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Bloop (:
User B: Haha funny boy :)
User A: Haha how was your night ? (:
User B: Good! U?
User B: Miss me? Lol
User A: Yes (: you miss me? :p
User B: :) how could I not ^_^
User A: Aw (: well now you gotta kiss me (:
User A: So get your ass here lol
User B: I want to sooooo bad
User A: Do it
User B: When I see u I will!!!!!!
User A: You better
User B: It's a promise;)
User A: Good (;
User B: Yes I am gonna give u the biggest hug evvvvverrrrr
User A: Aww good babe (:
User B: Yep what do u want me to wear? Something nice like a skirt or something cute like shorts and converse lol
User A: Nothing to nice hun (: you can wear like short shorts and and a tank top I dont mind (:
User B: Ok cool I just wanna look cute :)
User A: Im sure you will (:
User B: I will make sure I do!
User A: ((:
User B: <3
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Morning (:
User B: Hi:)
User A: Sorry babe just got off work
User B: This late??
User A: Lol yes :p
User B: Wow that sucks :(
User A: Its ok hun (: but come have sex with me plz (;
User B: Lol:):):)
User A: Plz lol I want some bad
User B: Lol Saturday!
User B: Can u wait???
User A: Lol I guess I can wait :P
User B: OMG u better lol
User A: Lol or what baby huh
User B: Idk yet lol!
User A: Lol you try anything I swear ill cum in you lmao
User B: What??! That would be crazy to do
User A: I know lol but I love you enough to do it (:
User B: To have a baby? Lol
User A: Yes baby
User B: U really want a baby?
User A: With you yes but if you wanna wait awhile we can
User B: Really??? That makes me feel good :)
User A: But when we are having sex and I accidentally cum in you cuz it feels to good to stop im sorry
User B: But seriously what would happen if I got preg lol
User A: Id take care of you and the baby
User B: Wow u would for real?
User A: Yes I would but it wouldn't be to good having your parents me and you at the hospital tho lol
User B: No lol. That would be bad haha. Well like maybe if u keep liking me we can in a few years cause then she might not be as mad haha
User A: Lmao true, ill just pull out quick and cum on you lol then imma stick back inside you
User B: Ok that's safe right?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yes
User B: r u sleeping?
User A: I am baby
User B: Ok lol
User A: Lol
User B: text me later and dream about me haha
User A: Oh I will lol
User B: ^_*
User A: Mmm
User B: ;)
User A: Could be sucking me off right now (;
User B: Lol:) go to sleep haha
User A: Suck me off first plz baby (:
User B: I'm not there lol
User A: Well get here lol
User B: I will be there Sat I promise and we can do whatever then
User A: Baby I'm extremely horny! Really need your pussy lips around my cock
User B: Omg haha:) I'm sorry it's so bad:(
User A: I can wait tho babe
User B: Ok pleasssse wait for me don't start looking for somebody else please
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User B: Hey (:
User A: Hi
User B: How's you
User A: Ok how about u
User B: Im good babe
User A: I miss u
User B: I miss you too baby
User A: :)))
User B: Almost Saturday (:
User A: I know:) I can't wait
User B: Me neither
User A: Yay what will we do????? Candy lol
User B: Lol yes (:
User A: even more exciting
User B: That and me slapping against you (:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lmao I think you so silly
User B: I am:) just like u!!!! Lol
User A: Lol it was supposed to be I think you know silly :P
User B: Ooooo haha that's so funny:) maybe I do;) and I can't wait!
User A: Is that so (;
User B: Yessss
User A: So you want me slapping up against you huh (:
User B: Only in a nice way:)
User A: Well its when im humping you hard (;
User B: Lol:)
User A: And im gonna babe(:
User B: I want to. I am ready:)
User A: Are you sure? (:
User B: Yes I am. I have been thinking about this for sooo long and can't wait
User A: Lol (: now I hope you dont say stop halfway through babe cuz I doubt I'd be able too
User B: I won't I promise I like u and I want to be with u:)
User A: Aww good (:
User B: I am so serious I want u to be my first and I am excited
User A: (: ok baby
User B: Are u excited??
User A: Yes I am (:
User B: Good u better haha
User A: Or what lol
User B: I will get u lol
User A: Get me how
User B: Hmmm not sure I will surprise u
User A: Mmm make it good (:
User B: Ok!
User A: (:
User B: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: It's ok hun
User A: Just woke up lol
User B: Lol u going to work again?
User A: In about 45 min
User B: Not again lol
User A: Lol I know babe
User B: :(
User A: Its ok babe
User B: Ok!
User A: Lol yeah (:
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey princess
User B: Heyy lol
User B: I was putting ur # in my phone.. But wuts ur name??
User A: Haha. Yeah do that. It's Carlos boo
User A: You at school. Boo?
User B: Yea
User A: Lol okay baby. I don't want you to get caught
User A: Jus txt me while u can Dont get caught boo
User B: K
User A: Lol muah
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: At lunch
User B: Hahah. What u eatin boo
User A: Idk yet
User A: So wut u wanna talk about
User B: Lol. Eat healthy boo
User B: Idk. U tell me got u got in mind. Babygirl
User A: Oh really lol.. Wut u thinkin about
User B: Lol. What.
User B: A lot. But I rather for u to bring something up
User A: Y?? R u the kind of guy that likes 2 play games or something
User B: Lol. NOOOO. Never that Why u say that
User A: Bc I asked u a question n then u said I had 2 say first
User B: I did. Oh I'm sorry boo.
User B: So how school doing. U having fun
User A: Uh.. not really
User B: Lol why is that. Ma
User B: U so pretty babygirl. I hope u mind me telling u that.
User A: Thanks
User B: My pleasure boo.
User B: Wat time u get out
User A: 3:30
User B: U ready for it. Too aren't you
User A: Yep
User B: U back in class Boo??
User A: Yep
User A: Do u work?
User B: Don't get caught ma
User B: I don't want u to get in trouble cause of me
User B: Yeah. I do
User A: R u at work now?
User B: No
User B: I work at night
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I had so much homework
User B: I bet. But go ahead babygirl you don't have stop for me.
User A: I'm done now
User B: Lol I bet your exausted aren't u boo
User A: Lol yea in already laying in bed
User B: Awwwww lazy lol jk. You need a massage.
User A: Yah I dooo
User A: ^_^
User B: Lol okay I got u. Come over. U goin to sleep so good after a good massage. :))
User A: Lol I wishhhh
User B: I can imagine. What u need. Back massage feet massage. Butt massage shoulder or all. Lol
User A: Hehe all sounds good ;)
User B: Hahah. I know right. Wishes can come true sometimes
User B: Haha One day Lol
User A: K
User B: U want to tho. ??
User A: Want 2 wut
User B: A massage.
User B: What u thinking of
User A: Like 4 real?
User B: If u want
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Cool.
User A: ???
User B: Yeah that would b kool ^_^
User A: Well come on then boo. I got u. Lol
User B: Lol ok!
User A: Kay Kay. Don't make wait for too long cause I might fall asleep. Lol
User B: I'm in school :p
User A: Lol I know princess. I'm just kiddin. School First pleasure later. Lol
User B: Hehe sounds good
User A: Lol wait what type of pleasure u think of.
User B: Massage sounds good hehe idk I'm down 4 ne thing lol
User A: Lol. Sounds good. But no you're not
User B: Y u say that??
User A: Idk. Cause u 14. I guess.
User A: But u say u down for whatever. Are you
User B: Yup
User A: Sounds Good. Gotta find out someday.
User B: Someday?? Wutever then lol
User A: Oh oh. Then whenever you want to boo.
User A: You tell me When?
User B: Lol whenever
User A: You playing right
User B: Stop acting stupid!
User A: Lol. Oh I'm not. I just wanna make sure u not playing around boo
User A: N what all you would like to do.
User B: Up 2 u
User A: Lol there so many thing I would love to do . But idk u still 14 boo
User B: Oh ya lol like wut
User A: I'm just gonna leave it to your imagination. Boo
User B: Whatever then
User A: Okay ok Idk. Starting off with a nice an gentle massage. Kiss those sexy lips. N neck. Play with your tummy Give u a butt massage . N u know the rest
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hehe sounds like a good time
User B: Wouldn't be nice. U would luv it too
User A: Yup lol
User B: I bet. When ever u ready
User A: Lol whenever u are!
User B: I'm ready now
User A: Me 2
User B: How u ready when u at school
User A: Lol idc
User B: Yeah like I'm goin over n fuck in the school classroom
User A: Lol..
User B: Ahhhh. U play too much
User A: Nah u do
User A: If no one was here we could ^_^
User B: How. I'm just BEIN real with u boo
User B: That's right. But that place is full
User A: Hehe can't here then I guess :p
User B: Then where
User A: ??
User B: I got me confuse boo.
User B: But the thing is that we can't fk in school.
User A: Ya I guess not. Hehe do u really wanna have sex w me?
User B: U the one that came up with that
User A: Uh no... You the one that said that lol
User B: No I say a massage. But u came up with u were down for that n anything else
User A: Read wut u wrote stupid..
User B: Oh I did
User A: U said fuck in the classroom
User B: Damn I did.
User A: Haha it's kool
User A: So u do or don't want 2
User B: Do you
User A: Yah if u do
User B: It would b nice
User A: I think so 2 :)
User B: Yep yep. But u 14 tho
User A: So wut lol
User B: U sure?
User A: I had sex b4 u kno lol
User B: I bet. Not as good as it will b with me. Lol
User B: How old he was
User A: 17
User B: How old u was
User B: How old u was when u first time
User A: 13
User B: Dang.
User B: When u want me get u
User B: He dint do u as good as I would
User A: U really gonna pick me up?
User B: If u wanna do it.
User B: Or where u thinking of.
User A: Yah u can pick me up if u want lol... Maybe I can tell my mom I'm sleeping at my friends?
User B: What is she calls your friend
User A: She don't.. She calls my phone
User B: U sure
User A: Yup
User A: I'll see if she'll let me when I get home k
User B: Sound good. That's something we will have to plan real good
User A: I did it b4
User B: But what u gone do tho. She might c me when I pick u up
User B: I'm sayin she might see me when I pick u up
User A: I dunno I can walk 2 the store
User A: I'll text u when I get home
User B: N then. How ima drop u off or where
User A: Idk at the store again? Lol
User A: I always walk 2 my friends when I sleepover
User B: How long u gone tell her you gone b gone
User A: I dunno... U tell me?
User B: Idk
User B: We have a quickie in the car?
User B: Hold up boo. Idk if I'm gonna b able to go. Some crazy shit just came up
User A: I'm in class shh
User B: Put that pussy on my face so I can shhhh lol
User A: OMG lol
User B: Lmao. Shhh u in class
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: So should I ask my mom about tonight or no
User B: Tonight ? Around what time??
User B: I need to go around your place to see what around there. To see where we need to go. Cause I don't know anything about Hartford
User A: Oh ok
User B: U cool with that boo.
User B: I want u for real. But I need to know what around there. So I know where to take my lil princess.
User A: Oh there's nothing really around here lol.. Like just some small restaurants
User B: Damn really. Then I guess is gonna have to be a quickie in the car.
User B: OR where thing it can b good
User A: Lol ok yea that's kool 2
User B: Yeah but it can be uncomfortable. Where u think it can b a good place
User A: Hmm I dunno maybe like a field or something? Like on a empty old road?
User B: Sounds good. Boo
User B: Give me your address. So I can go n see what's around there.
User A: Ok I gotta check n see wuts going on 2nite first I'm at my grandmas house right now
User A: I live on fields st across the st from Hardee's
User B: Oh no u good . It might not be tonight. I need to go over first n see.
User B: What's all the address
User A: I don't wanna tell you.. I don't want u driving by n getting me in trouble lol
User B: Right So that's. the street name
User A: Yup
User B: Okay Idk if I go over later n check everything out. Or tomorrow
User A: Kk kool
User B: Yup yup so u really want to tho
User A: Want 2 wut
User B: Have sex
User A: Yah if u do?
User B: Yeah if u want
User A: Lol yah
User B: Why u laughin
User A: Lol cuz ur actin dumb
User B: No. I'm just makin sure lol.
User B: But okay I take care of thing boo
User A: K
User B: Muahh
User B: SO ya went to visit grandma
User A: Ya
User B: That's good. She doesn't know she got such a lil freaky granddaughter
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I think I have 2 stay at her house 2 night :(
User B: U don't like that
User A: No it's soooo boring
User B: AWWWW. Don't u wish u were with me
User A: Yah! Lol
User B: So yummy. U can't go out the house. Can you
User A: No...
User B: :((((. Oh well just talk to me so u can get a lil distracted
User A: I'll try... She always is trying to look at my phone
User B: Damn really. She takes it from u
User A: No but she makes me turn it off if I don't get off it sometimes
User B: Damn. Ya sleep in the same room also
User A: No?
User B: Cuz u might can TXT when she goes to sleep.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: What ya doing today
User B: Going shopping w my mom
User B: U?
User A: Idk yet I'm thinking about going to the mall. Or something.
User A: Where ya goin shopping at
User B: Idk yet
User A: That's what's up. Ya dont go to DOTHAN do you
User B: I think enterprise
User A: Oh okay
User A: What u gone buy. Some sexy thongs. Lol
User B: Lol maybe
User A: Lol u don't wear them
User A: Send me a pic
User B: Later
User A: U sure
User B: Ur gonna get me In trouble shh
User A: Ups my bad. Hmu when u can boo
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: lol
User B: Muaahh. How are u princess
User A: I'm good ^_^
User B: Sound good U celebratin with mom.
User A: Yep
User A: Wrud?
User B: Nothing watching tv. And you boo
User A: Gonna go 2 lunch w my mom n gramma
User B: Aww. Such a good daughter boo
User B: Mom be asking who you be txtin
User A: Lol yea
User B: What u tell her
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I will tomorrow my mom keeps looking over my shoulder
User B: Oops. Okay
User A: Should I ask her if I can go 2 my friends 2moro?
User B: You want to??
User A: Hell yah lol
User B: U sure
User A: Yup.. Wut time?
User B: Idk. We can talk about it. Tomorrow during the day
User A: K
User B: Sounds good??
User A: I guess??
User B: U dont sound too convense
User A: Wut r u asking me.. Sound good 2 talk about it 2moro?
User B: Yeah?
User A: I said ok
User B: U not mad are u
User A: Lol.. Should I be?
User B: No but I'm asking
User A: Idk if ur gonna flake out on me maybe
User A: But I guess we can talk 2moro
User A: I gtg
User B: No boo. Never that. But like I told u I gotta know how things are around there so I know where to take my little princess
User B: Bye muaa
User A: Then y didn't u go 2day or yesterday?
User A: Kk bye
User B: Kay
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Nothing. Watching tv. Wbu
User B: Nothin. In class
User A: U havin fun.
User A: Send me a boo
User A: Sexy N booty pic
User B: My mom blocked pix messaging on my phone.. I can only send pix on yahoo messenger
User A: Oh okay.
User B: Do u have that?
User A: She haven't asked anything has she?
User A: No
User A: I had it. But not anymore
User B: Nope she hasn't asked me ne thing
User B: I kno where we can go tho
User A: N if she does dont tell her a thing
User A: U do? Where
User B: Uh.. Why would I tell her?? Lol
User B: Recreation road
User A: Idk I'm. Just saying
User A: But a lot PPL goes there
User B: It's like this long empty dirt road through these fields
User B: Not really?
User A: Oh u sure
User A: How far is it from home
User B: Yep. Like 5 mins
User A: Oh ok. U know the way right
User B: Yah there's all kinds of empty roads down there
User A: Kay. But how is gone work what u tell mom
User B: Just gonna tell her I'm gonna hang out at my friend Terra's house
User A: U sure she's not CALLIN UR friend
User A: Did u told your friend
User B: No? She always calls my phone
User B: No! Lol god chill out
User A: Lol okay.
User A: So wat time u want me to b there
User B: Hmmm.. Like 5:15? I gotta finish my homework first
User A: Okay. Sound good to me
User A: U want us to do it with rubber or no. Lol
User A: Ima meet u at the store? Or where
User B: Idk up 2 u.. I don't wanna get preg tho
User B: Hmm u can pick me up at Hardee's.. It's across the st from me. That way mom doesn't see u
User A: Hell naw I don't want u to get prego either
User A: Me might see me since its right accords the st
User B: Can't see it from the house.. It's down the st and across
User A: Does your friend stay that way also Cause she might watch n be like why u going over there if she doesn't stay over that way
User A: Oh okay
User B: Ya she lives that way.. Sometimes I go n get food b4 I go 2 her house ne way
User A: Oh okay. U seem to have everything planned out really good
User B: Lol I used 2 do that w my ex bf
User A: Lol okay
User A: Den u must had a lot of sex with him
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ^.^
User B: U ready
User A: Hell yah lol I can't wait 2 get out of school
User B: Jus B careful with every move
User A: I will
User B: I'm nervous. I'm excited. N I wanna c u
User B: Wear something loose. N dot wear makeup. So u won't look suspicious
User A: Me 2 lol
User A: I always wear a lil makeup tho
User B: Oh okay. Then that's ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: How far r u?
User B: Enterin Hartford
User A: Kk I'll hurry up
User B: No u okay. Take UR time
User A: Lol but I'm exited!
User B: Lol u starting drppin aren't u. Lol
User A: I'm ready lol
User A: Gonna just walk over.. What kinda car u got so I kno it's u
User B: Damn. Mom back home
User B: A silver impala
User A: Kk I'm on my way
User B: Kay. Me too
User B: Make sure mom don't follow u
User A: OMG.. She won't lol
User B: Lol k
User A: Kk LMK when ur here
User B: Almost
User A: I have a pink shirt n white shorts
User A: ??
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey?
User A: Guy from meet me lol
User B: Wuts ur name??
User A: Jeremy
User B: Oh ok
User A: So you alone at home? For how long?
User B: Pretty much all summer lol
User A: Why is that
User B: Idk I have nothing 2 do
User B: My mom works all night n sleeps all day
User A: I meant parents
User B: My dad doesn't live w us
User A: So your moms home sleeping?
User B: Yep
User A: Them how we going to do something when she's there
User B: Go somewhere? Lol
User A: Where you want to go?
User A: What's your address?
User A: I'll be driving through in a bit
User B: I'm not giving u my address lol
User A: Well how are we going to meet silly lol
User B: Ur gonna show up me get me in trouble
User B: Idk I can meet u by my house?
User A: OK then
User A: Where at
User B: Maybe I can ask my mom 2 sleep over at my friends tonight
User A: So where and when?
User B: I'll let u kno
User B: She's gonna get up soon 2 get ready for work
User A: Well I'm about to head that way need to know soon lol
User B: I'll tell you as soon as I ask.. Kay!
User A: When are you asking
User B: I just told you when she gets up!
User B: God
User A: Well I don't know when that is I need times haha
User A: What are you wearing?
User B: Too bad u gotta wait then lol
User A: Is it worth the wait ;)
User B: I wanna see a pic of u first!
User A: *link edited*
User A: Just sent one
User B: Ur cute ^_^
User A: Thanks
User A: Send me one
User B: I'm gonna eat first
User A: Ok
User A: Still want to text?
User B: Yea?
User A: Where's my pic lol
User A: I'm in Hartford
User A: You there?
User B: Do u have yahoo messengr or anything? My mom blocked pix messaging on my phone
User B: Or I can email
User A: Woymfsu03@gmail.com
User B: U asked me that already lol
User A: I asked you what?
User B: Sorry my friend txtd asking wut I was doing 2 nite
User A: So what are you doing tonight? Lol
User A: You email it?
User B: Not yet
User B: Wut u want a pic of
User A: Your body
User A: You send it?
User B: I am now
User A: That was on your meet me lol
User A: Take one now and send it
User B: That pic ain't on my profile??
User A: I thought it was
User A: My bad
User A: Looking good though
User A: Sexy
User A: What about your ass?
User B: Lol I'm not sending u that
User A: With clothes crazy lol
User B: Nah that's all u get 4 now ;)
User A: Oh OK. I'll see it eventually though this summer;)
User B: Hahah yea if ur lucky
User A: I'm pretty lucky
User A: Lol
User B: U think so huh?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yeah I was serious actually.
User A: Hey
User B: Lol well so was I!
User A: What were you serious about exactly?
User B: U said u wanted 2 c me yesterday
User A: Yeah...
User B: My mom is gone til 3 today?
User A: Have to work today sorry
User B: Laaaaame
User A: Sorry
User B: So when?
User A: Maybe Thursday
User B: Tomorrow? Like wut time
User A: Idk you tell me
User B: Anytime.. My moms gonna be gone all day ;)
User A: Ok
User A: What you want to do?
User B: Wutever u wanna do lol
User A: Well what do you want to do lol
User B: I thought u told me wut we were gonna do ^_^
User A: Is that all you want?
User B: Idk.. Wut do youuuu want??
User A: Up to you
User B: I'm asking you!!
User A: Just hang out and talk
User B: Just hang out and talk? Lol
User B: Uh... Sounds lame
User B: Maybe another time then
User A: Yeah
User A: Lol gee thanks
User A: Ok
User B: I don't like guys who play games so w/e
User A: Whoop said I was playing games
User B: I am... Cuz that's not what u said we were going 2 do yesterday..
User A: Could go ride dirt roads
User B: Ride dirt roads...?
User B: What am I like ur buddy
User A: Yeah...
User A: No I didn't say that lol
User B: Hmm.. Well if u think of something else better 2 do then hmu lol
User A: What you want to do lol
User B: I told u I'm down for wutever ...
User B: That isn't lame!
User A: Tell me what you really want lol
User B: How bout u stop acting stupid
User A: I'm not lol
User B: Ya. I knew u were all talk. Ttyl
User A: Geez just having a little fun. Calm down
User A: What are you doing right now anyway?
User A: Not talking to me now?
User B: I'm at my friends house.
User A: What us doing there
User A: Ya*
User B: Hanging out
User A: Anything fun?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ha
User B: Take one lol
User A: We're done already
User B: And lol.
User B: Send one now of whatever you got lol
User A: U sure ask 4 a lot of pix for someone who doesn't send any! Lol
User B: I did send some
User A: U only sent 1
User B: I thought I sent about 3
User B: *edited*
User B: You get it?
User A: Yup.. Hot ;)
User A: So r we gonna meet up tomorrow or not
User A: Or are u gonna b all talk
User B: Thanks...
User B: Yeah we can...
User B: I'm not all talk lol
User A: Yea well see
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: N u better not tell ne one! My mom would ground me forever..
User B: Ground you for what?
User A: For meeting a guy..
User B: Why would she do that?
User A: Cuz ur older??
User B: Oh lol
User B: I won't tell though
User B: What are you doing now.
User A: I'm at my grammas
User B: Sorry
User B: Want me to let you go?
User A: Yea txt me tomorrow
User B: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: So anyway though what all have you done sexually I'm just curious
User B: Uh.. Well I had sex n stuff?
User B: What r U wondering about exactly?
User A: Like you ever had a guy for down on you It have you ever went down on a guy b4
User B: I went down on my ex bf.. Never had ne1 go down on me tho
User A: Really well I loveeees too
User B: Lol oh really
User A: Yes as long as you shave I don't like a big huge bush down their bu
User A: t if it's just a bit if hair I can work with that but it's it's lik
User A: e bald omg I'd sound like 10 minutes eating that thinggg
User B: Yea I shave
User A: Well then I'll be tour first for sure.... ' So you think you any
User A: good at head though ?
User B: Lol r u sure u wanna do that 2 me?
User A: Yes as long as I get that in return '
User B: Meaning
User A: I want the same thing I'm giving you
User B: Ok
User A: So how about a free sexually pics though.....
User A: Show me some of photography skills '
User B: Free sexually pix??
User A: Huh?
User B: That's wut u said
User A: I meant a few sexy pics lol my bad
User B: Oh. Nah I don't send that kind 2 ppl I never met b4
User B: Sorry
User B: Not gonna say shit now? '
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey good morning
User B: Hi
User A: So what happened last night tour quite texting back
User A: *your quit
User B: Yea - I went 2 sleep?
User A: Ahh I was gonna call you in my last break that's why I texted tour
User A: So many times
User B: Oh... Yea I went 2 bed
User A: Ohhh ok well I cant lie!...... i had a bit of a dream about you last night
User B: Oh really
User B: And...?
User A: Well we were hanging out and you walked I time my room because you were like i never seen it the while time we've been her and I told my body like yo she wants to see my room and I go in their and it's like nice tv tour dresser looks like you had it awhile then bam sex and I'm like in OK then works for meeee lol Then we are going at it and then your friend get's jealous and next thing I no she in the room and is like oh I want mine licked to So now things are getting kinda interesting and then I just look ever and my buddies in the room eating you out while I'm having sex with your friends I go damn how the he'll you sneak in here...... and then wake up lol like what kinda crazy ish is that
User B: Lol.. wow
User A: Yeah that's what I was thinking I was like well damn then she Really ment she's down for anything Haha
User B: Ur funny
User A: I was just making a joke I already no you would def not be down for all that kinda sex lol
User B: My friend would not be lol
User A: Lol Waiiiit So you saying you would??.
User B: I would not have sex w 2 guys at the same time
User A: I was.meaning like 2 guys tried girls kinds thing
User B: Wut?
User A: I was.meaning like 2 guys 2 girls kinda thing
User B: No
User A: Oh So you a one on one person
User B: Yea
User A: That's fine with me.....just as long as you can handle it though
User B: Wut exactly do u think I can't handle
User A: Just the roughness of It and the the length I'm not a have sec for like 5 min and it's ever kinda person I'm a hr or two kinda person and I like be for dirty sweaty and nasty....that is real sex to me
User B: Sounds good
User A: So whats your Fb btw?
User B: I have 1 but can't add u cuz my mom is my friend on there n would b askin me who u r
User A: What is it I can just follow you So I won't shoe up as your friends but I can see tour post and if you following me you could see mine but we won't be actually friends it anything
User B: I can't have followers.. But my name is erica denaro u can look me up
User A: Why can't your have followers?
User B: I just don't have it selected? My mom always watches wut I do on there
User A: Oh well you should make it So I can follow you
User B: I don't want ppl following me tho.. There's some creepy ass guys that stalk my life
User A: Oh well damn boo I wanted to be able to follow you though
User B: Just b happy u have my number! Lol
User A: Oh many ppl don't get your number easy
User B: Nope
User A: Aww I feel So special
User B: Lol u should
User B: So wut r u doing this weekend
User A: You have Skype BTW??
User A: Or oovoo?
User B: Nope
User A: Why not?
User A: I wanna video chat with you boo
User B: I don't have the pw to download apps on my phone..
User A: Damn that suckkks  why did they put a pw in your phone
User B: Cuz she's lame n doesn't want me talking 2 boys.. She blocked pix messaging 2
User A: Wtf really that's gayyy what about thru meet me or fbbbb
User B: She doesn't care bout fb but I snuck meetme on there
User A: Ohh well send me some pics thru meet me
User B: Ur kinda getting irritating!
User A: How? I mean I just wanna see your beautiful face is all \"\"
User B: Just sayin.. I ain't here 2 entertain u all day
User A: I understand that I'm just asking you to entertain me with a pictures of you is all boo I'll send pics back I mean if ya want
User B: Wuts ur email
User A: Joshm0969@gmail.com
User A: It won't open can you try another?...... And you want me to email you some too?
User B: Try it again?
User A: I am it shows like it's loading loads and then it's just a blank screen
User A: Ahhh. I got it that time Looking all fine and shit
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: But what are you up too today though
User B: Nm.. u?
User A: Drinking me a beer before Work tonight lol and thinking about youuu
User B: U get drunk b4 work?? Lol
User A: Um yess it makes work funnn loo
User B: Wut kinda job do u have?? Lol
User A: I'm a machine operator
User A: Sounds hard but its easy as hell like
User B: Wow kool
User A: Yeah I kinda love my job just a bit I just hate it's at night lol And the pay ant the greatest
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Trying to see you today
User B: Can't I'm w my mom all day 2day
User A: Dang well shit then  what about later....
User B: Later when.. Tomorrow?
User A: Like tonight
User B: Wut did u wanna do
User A: I wanna tasttte  lol
User B: Lol wut?
User A: I said I want a taste
User B: Wut does that mean
User A: Tasting you of course
User B: Tasting wut
User A: You and that beautiful body of yours and certain parts of it specifically
User B: Wut about tomorrow
User A: I Work alll week It'll be the weekend b4 I'm off again
User B: Oh ok
User A: That's why I said tonight boo
User B: Can't.. It's my grammas bday I gotta be there
User A: Yeah I understand that I guess it's gonna have to be next weekend before we can chill
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: Hi
User A: So WYd today
User B: Nm
User B: Chillin at home.. Maybe go 2 my friends
User A: The one that let's you leave goes places with you
User B: Sometimes y
User A: I was thinking about maybe hangingout with you
User B: Today?
User A: Yesss
User B: Lol oh yea? Wut r we gonna do
User A: Find some were around Hartford and just all of us just and ride around and drink a minute
User B: Yea.. My friend is not gonna go with
User B: N why u wanna hangout w my friend anyway??
User A: Well my mom uses my car sometimes and she gonna have it tonight Nd Tomorrow and my friend will ride out and hangoutwith us but he'd at least want your friends around just to talk to you no laugh with all of us
User B: Oh.. Welp sorry, it would just be me
User A: Would you be comfortable with my friend being around?
User B: Nope not really idk who he is
User A: He's prettying much a light skinned version of me he's black/white
User B: Oh well maybe next time when it's just you
User A: He's not gonna try anything it's really gonna be like me and you He'd be like...a cab driver lol
User B: No.. Sounds weird
User A: What if we like leave him some were chilling and then it's just us
User A: for awhile? ''
User B: Hit me up when it's just you
User A: What time you going to your friends?
User B: Not sure
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: With your friend
User B: No?
User A: Dang I was gonna come hangout with you today after I drop my friend off in dothan
User B: Why u wanna hang out w my friends again
User A: No I wanna hangout with you but I no if you at your friends I can just come pic you up boo
User B: Oh, I could just tell my mom I'm going 2 my friends
User B: Wut do u wanna do ;)
User A: What you think babe '
User B: Haha I don't read minds!
User A: Gonna how about this.....I'll show you better than I can tell ya
User B: Lol yea well I don't like surprises.. I wanna kno wut u have in mind ^_^
User A: Me and you and something hot and sweaty
User B: Ur all talk
User A: Major you gonna see some action tonight believe that plenty of it
User B: Well lmk wut u actually wanna do so I kno how long 2 tell my mom I'm gonna b gone for
User B: Yea of you just talkin prolly lol
User A: Whenever I head that way I'll tell ya when to like be trying to get away from the house and like maybe till 10 or 1030
User B: Well when??
User B: N where are we going?
User A: I'll be leaving around 7 So actually probably like 11 or 12
User B: Where r we gonna go? Just drive around?
User A: Yeah and hangout boo unless you no some where around d we could maybe go?
User B: Maybe rec road
User B: Should I bring anything?
User A: Like what?
User B: Idk??
User A: What are you thinking about bringing?
User B: Idk I was just askin
User B: I didn't even ask my mom yet if I could leave tho
User A: Ask her if you can leave and go you tour friends before I leave
User B: She said I gotta stay home 2nite.. But could sleep at my friends 2moro
User A: Whyyyy ''''
User B: Cuz she's frickin lame n said I was just there
User A: Dammit: /
User B: I knowwww
User B: Can u come 2moro?
User A: I'll try but my friend will probably be with me is the problem agai
User A: n '' and I no you ant gonna hangout if he around
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ??
User B: I can show ty s better then I can tell ya ''
User A: Blah blah blah
User B: I'm just saying no use talk when I can show ya
User A: Blah blah
User B: Well why don't you show me something
User A: Wut do u wanna see
User B: That body boo
User A: I'm still waiting 4 a pic
User A: U never sent me 1 back
User B: What you wanna see
User A: Lol anything
User B: Tell meee what you want I told you already
User A: Surprise me
User A: Waiting..
User B: Your turn
User A: Lol wow I wasn't expecting that
User B: Always expect the unexpected nowww were my body pic boo '
User A: Get it?
User A: ???
User B: I meant like with a little more skin showing boo
User A: Lol
User B: Sooo show me something babe
User A: Told u I don't send dirty pix
User B: Come on justttt this once boo
User A: Aren't u gonna come get me later?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Erica.....?
User B: What the hell..
User B: That's crazy
User A: Yeah I no I said the same shit they had to go find somebody that could speak Spanish and then the dude looked at us like we were crazy and finally admitted we didn't no her
User A: Or him
User B: Dang that's nuts
User B: So r u coming here tonight?
User A: I gotta freaken work Friday annnnnd Saturday this weekend which is
User A: bs because they Key us off during the week  hopefully Sunday
User B: Aw man that sux
User B: Now I got nothin 2 do 2nite
User A: I no it fucking sucks I damn sure had got ready Yesterday to see you for reels I was ready to see you and cuddle you to ya and do some diiiiirty things to ya naked body
User B: Lol orly
User B: Damn that sounds fun
User A: Yess really and He'll yeah it's gonna be very fun I wish you would show me more though
User B: Yea u wish
User A: Come on I've showed you me so show me you babe
User B: Lol.. I didn't ask u 2 show me that!
User A: I no but I did boo because I trust you to not show everybody like you should trust me not to too
User B: Ya well I never even met u b4 so idk if I trust u enuf to send u those
User A: Come on babe I really would like to see that sexy raidient slinder body boo I just wish you would trust me
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Maybe after we meet
User B: Comme on babe I'm practically begging here ''
User A: I said no?
User B: And I even sent you a video
User B: Yes you said no.....
User A: That video didn't work either.. Only for like 1 second
User B: How did it not? It's like 30 secs...... trust and save it to ya phone and then look at it
User A: I did save it.. Only plays for 1 sec n then the screen turns white
User A: Same thing
User B: Idk something wrong with your video player it something
User A: Idk
User B: You sure you can't get it....maybe go to you E-mail thru your browser/web and try and play it
User A: Ok I'll try later
User B: Butttwhat about but pic babe just thisss one time I wanna see what I'm missing out on
User A: OMG.. Shut up
User B: Well damn you fine ass hell Can't blame me for trying
User A: Lolll well thanks
User B: You are welcome very much I'm just looking fwd to the day I get to see it face to face form myselfff
User A: Me 2
User B: Just hope you have for head relaxed and ready
User A: Huh?
User B: I hope you have your head relaxed and ready
User A: For..
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: You get my email
User B: Yea.. wow ;)
User B: Can't wait lol
User A: Me either But maybe I can get a little something in return to my
User A: emmmail ''
User B: Lol keep dreaming!
User A: I'm doing it first you babe why can't I get just a sneak peek back also
User B: Idc lol.. I already told u y I don't send that shit
User A: Why because you think immaterial show ppl or something
User B: Who knows. Or I could get in2 trouble.. I still never even met u b4
User A: Why would I show your pics to ppl I would feel very special to have sexy pics of you for one I wouldn't want anybody to see anyway I mean damn only person I want seeing your body is meeee and plus I've sent you alot of revealing pics of me so I do t want ppl to see mine I sent them to you just for you just like you would do me baby
User B: I NEVER MET U B4
User B: N I don't just send that kinda stuff 2 anyone.. Esp guys I never met so quit bugging me 4 them every day.. Damn
User A: So how was you weekend anyway hopefully you enjoyed it sum Cuzco mine sucked
User B: Mine was really boring
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: It was ok, chilled at my friends
User B: Oh that's what's up.....you gonna chill with your friend sunday righhhhht
User A: SHE HAS A BOYFRIEND
User B: I no that what does that have to do with you chilling with her?
User A: Ur trying to get her to chill w ur friend
User B: No I'm trying to make sire you gonna be able to see me Sunday babe
User A: I can
User B: Remember the last time though your mom said you've been going their
User B: too much and that you couldn't go '\"\"\"
User A: Ya well u just worry about u n don't get arrested this time! Lol
User B: Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that clack policy commonly drive lol
User A: Oh
User B: Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that black ppl commonly drive so they pretty said two black guys yup that's who did it right their lol
User B: But you gonna be a naughty girl for me right
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hahah yea if u want me 2
User B: Of course I want you too I want you to be very naughty and maybe ev
User B: en a little camera happy
User A: Mayyyybe
User B: Im just saying I'm not camera shy at all ' I like to do things a l
User B: ittle different that's why I keep saying you just may not be ready
User B: for what's comming
User A: Wut kinda things
User B: Just I get very rough during sex I kinda like to fuck your face and
User B: make ya deep throat I bite just a bit and I pounds it repeatedly a
User B: nd when I take it slow I go as deep and as hard as I can loophole t
User B: o eat vagina esp  And I'm very much into videos and recording
User B: things make it very interesting and fun ''
User B: I just don't think you maybe able to handle most if that
User A: Hahah kinda sounds fun
User A: Wut did u tell ur friend about me
User B: Nothing really except should him one of your pics because he asked how you looked. And then lied and said you were 17 lol
User B: Then he was like Yeah her or her friend def couldn't handle me and I'm like nigga cause you old as hell lol
User A: Oh ok good lol.. Y how old is he?
User B: Like 28 he normal messes around with girls like 30+
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Haha shut up
User B: I probably won't even be able to stick my shit in their lol
User B: Has it really been a yr????
User A: Yup
User B: Why so long? And hell why me if you haven't done anything in a yr
User A: Idk I was sad over my ex but I'm over it now
User B: Oh what happened with your ex? Is he the only one you ever been with
User A: He broke up w me. Yea
User B: WHY?
User A: Cuz he's a jerk I guess
User B: I mean he didn't give you a reason How old was he?
User A: Nope. 17
User B: Damn man now I'm just a bit scared now though
User A: Y??
User B: Because you've been with just One guy your whole life so idk I don't wanna hurt you or anything thou
User A: I think I'll be ok
User B: You suuuuure you gonna be able to handle all of this though
User A: Lol.. Well idk?? I think so
User B: Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot \"\"
User B: Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot Really \"\"
User A: Nice try
User B: I was actually being serious though but I get what your thinking lol But if I seen it like you close though it would tell me alot for real by the side lips and by the hole size and all that would tell me if it's gonna probably be painful foe you are not
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: But did you and him have sex alot ?...
User B: OMG..
User B: When was the last time YOU had sex??
User A: Why did you say omg?
User B: Because you're getting irritating
User A: Like june mid june
User A: I'm just curious as to what I'm getting Into But sou D's Luke it's
User A: gonna be tight '
User B: Y u acting like that's bad then
User A: That not a bad thing at all I'm just worried it's gonna be too tight and maybe be kinda pain ful for you And if you start hurting I'm pretty sure you not gonna wanna just keep going
User B: Then y u happy about it? Lol
User B: Smh u weird
User A: Because I'm happy that's it's gone be type but scared you gonna make me stop because I no it's probably gonna feel so gooood
User A: Lol like I said I'm a nasty sex partner so you better be readyyy
User B: Lol ok I will
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: So an I gonna get to talk to you today.....
User B: Prolly not I stayed home since u weren't coming out n my moms home
User A: You can't talk on the phone in your room when shes home....?
User B: She can hear me
User A: She doesn't like you talking on the phone? Why I mean why would she give ya a phone if she ant gonna let ya use it
User B: Well she doesn't want me talking to guys!!
User B: I can call you one time when she's not around
User A: So she expects you to not talk to guys or date guys? Does she want ya to be lesbian or something lol
User A: OK just let me no when because I'm kinda curious just to hear ya voice and how you sound You probably gotta pretty sexy voice
User B: Ya but ur older n I don't wanna get in trouble
User B: She would for sure take my phone away if she found out
User A: Damn well we def can't have that so I don't wanna take those chances
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hello...?
User B: K
User A: But I haven't had sex since we started talking I wanna save it all
User A: for you so when I cum I'm gonna cum hard '
User B: Lol ok
User A: I'm actually contemplating if I wanna cum in you or not
User B: Well I don't wanna get preg
User A: Yeah I don't want you to either put it feels so damn good when you cum inside of a woman esp a tight one
User B: Hmm
User B: Well I'm not on the pill
User A: either
User A: Ohhh I could cum in your mouth that doesn't sound like a bad option
User A: Yeah I figured that because yourmoms assuming your not having sex
User B: Yea
User A: Do you have bad Fisher reflexes
User A: I mean *gauge reflexes
User B: Wut??
User A: Do you have bad gag reflex
User B: Oh.. I dunno. I don't think so?
User A: Check and see lol
User B: How?
User A: Seeing how far you can take it in your throat
User B: What.. My finger??
User A: Yeah or something more penis like like a pickle or banana
User B: Lol uh no. I'll pass on that
User A: Lol it make you head amazing every guy just about dreams of a chick that can handle it in their throat that shit feels ammmmmazing
User B: Why don't u worry about how n when u gonna come n see me or else you'll never find out
User A: n bam I'm comming and if I happens to get their and you just so hap
User A: I am coming for damn sure but I got to just wait for the go and the
User A: pens to be able to take it in ya throat like I'm hoping that's gonn
User A: a just maximize my sex drive so much I'm gonna be begging to eat yo
User A: u out '
User A: My mouths watering just thinking about the pretty pink thing
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy good morning
User B: OMG sorry! I slept at my grammas and I forgot 2 bring my charger
User A: Oh OK Well I didn't no but what do you think about my question I asked though And Yeah I did miss talking to you last night
User B: What question
User A: So we still gotta drop my buddy off or can we like tell him to walk
User A: away and we have our fun time babe '
User B: What's the question
User A: Do I have to find some where in Hartford to like drop my buddy off at or can we take him with us and then have him give is alone time andhe just go walking thru the woods
User B: Idk where u would drop him off?
User A: I don't no either I figured you would
User A: I only forthright Hartford like to go to PCB it to visit my buddy Richie gracey So Idk were would be a place to leave him or have him drink a beer or something rill we come back
User B: Ok
User A: So what do you wanna do babe?
User B: Idk up 2 u he's ur friend
User A: So I guess he's coming with us. I don't have a problem with him being around I mean hell I've actually had myself recored by somebody while me and somebody else So Yeah it takes alot to get me uncomfortable
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: R u guys on ur way?
User B: Yes
User A: Lol ok jus making sure
User A: Like how far away r u
User B: Like outside of Ozark
User B: I need an address though also
User A: I live on fields st but my mom is here
User A: When u get close I will just tell her I'm going 2 my friends n will go across the st n u can pick me up at Hardee's
User B: The hardees in Hartford?
User A: Yea
User A: When should I say I'll b back?
User A: R u dropping ur friend off first
User B: Like an get or so maybe
User A: Well tell me when ur almost here so I can leave
User B: Almost at hardees
User A: K kool I'll leave now then
User A: Wut kinda car so I kno it's u
User B: Gray grande am
User A: Oh ok is ur friend w u
User B: Yes :/
User A: Gonna just wait inside lmk when ur here
User A: Should I order food lol or r u almost here
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey it's Roger
User B: Hi
User A: Wassup
User A: Wyd
User B: I'm in class
User B: U?
User B: ??
User B: I said 17.. Y is that bad?
User A: Naw that's not bad I was jw
User A: I thought you said you was with your mom
User A: What time will you make it home around 3:30 4
User B: No? I'm at school
User B: So it's hard for me to talk
User B: Lol y r u excited 2 c me
User A: Hell yeah.. so ya mom said yeah
User A: Oo Damn u st school u didn't ask
User B: Lol chill out!
User B: Lollll wut are we gonna dooo
User A: Lol
User B: ?
User B: Y u ask if I was on bc
User A: Y I asked if you was on birth control or shot
User B: Yea y
User A: Something wrong with that
User A: Y else we going to get a room?? We going to fuc and Ima do what I said to you..
User B: Lol nope nothing wrong w that ^_^
User B: U really wanna have sex w me?
User A: Do you want to with me
User B: Yah if u want 2
User B: I don't wanna get preg tho
User A: You not I can't have kids
User B: How do u kno??
User A: Went to the doctor and got my sperm tested
User A: I mean.I don't want any kids right now either...
User B: Oic
User A: Plus they have a pill u can buy at any pharmacy you have to take it within the first 48 hours if can prevent you from being pregnant
User B: Really will it make me sick??
User A: Naw I never heard of it making anybody sick
User A: Around what time will you be getting out
User B: I get out at 3:30
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I don't want to get in any trouble
User A: Ok.. Damn u know how nervous I am
User B: Lol why?? I'm not gonna tell ne 1 lol
User A: Foo you sayin anything
User B: Hell no lol.. I would be grounded 4ever lol
User A: Aight I hear you.... when u get sprung on me don't say I didn't warn you...
User B: Lol!
User A: Hey bring change of clothes well panties we going to get in the shower together
User B: Lol oh really ^_^
User A: Hope you are deleting all your text messages
User A: Yes really
User B: I do don't worry.. I'm not stupid!
User A: Lol
User A: Where will I have to pick u up from??
User A: It takes me 18 miles to get to Hartford
User B: How long is that?
User B: I dunno I usually walk 2 my friends house
User A: About 20-25 minutes
User B: Where do u live again?
User A: Dothan
User B: Ooh kk
User B: I hope she says yes!
User B: If not I can def get out of the another day
User A: Yeah I hope she say yes too.. I'm pretty sure yo bad as can too
User B: I texted her... She said I can ^_^
User B: What time can u pick me up??
User A: I'm washing my car after I get done I'm on the way
User A: I'll text you when I finish
User B: Kk kool.. I get home at 3:30
User B: Or well like 10 mins after
User B: Hey I'm home
User B: Wut should I bring.. Just clothes?
User B: Hullo??
User A: Yeah
User A: Unless you going to put on the same thing
User B: Lol no that's gross
User B: K I'm ready
User A: Lol Ok I'm about to take off
User B: Kk kool.. I live across from Hardee's so I'm just gonna walk over there so nobody sees ur car
User B: Oh wut kinda car do u have lol so I kno it's u
User A: Ok going to have to give me about 20 min
User A: Blue Ford focus
User B: Kk
User B: Let me know when ur here
User B: I'm just gonna order something real quick I'm soo hungry lol
User B: R u almost here??
User A: Please don't be mad LOL I had to turn around because my mom needed a ride to work.. please give me like 30 please
User B: What?? Lol uhh should I just wait here then?
User B: I don't wanna go back home cause my mom will ask why
User A: Yeah please it want take me long
User B: Ok...
User B: R u almost here? Lol I feel stupid sitting here
User A: On my way
User B: How many more mins?
User A: What is the address to hardees
User B: Um idk lol.. It's on 52
User A: Ok I got it I but it in my gps like 18 more min..
User A: Or less
User B: Ughhhh.... That's gonna be a whole hour I'm sitting here
User A: I promise I'll make it up to you
User B: U better! Lol
User A: Promise
User B: Did u get a hotel room?
User A: Not yet
User B: Oh ok. Well hurry up lol I feel homeless sitting here
User A: HAHA
User B: Let me kno when ur here k.. I'm inside
User A: Ok
User B: Ur here?
User A: Almost
User A: This Damn traffic
User B: OMG.. How many more mins
User A: Some road got closed off I on some single lane road where traffic is fucin crazy
User A: Wait Ima see if I can find the name
User B: OMG hurry up!
User A: In slocomb
User A: 8 min
User B: Ok I'm waiting!
User A: U outside
User A: hello
User B: No I'm inside. U here now?
User A: I don't see no hardees
User B: Where r u?
User B: It's at 52 and 167 lol u can't miss it
User A: Yeah outside
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Send a few pics please
User A: Hey beautiful
User B: Is this Ryan??
User A: Yes
User B: Oh k
User A: Whats up
User B: Nm chillin at home
User A: Wana hang out
User B: Wut 4 real
User A: Y not
User B: Wut u wanna do
User A: Up to u hub
User A: Hub
User A: Hun
User B: I'm asking u
User A: Idk I got jeep or motorcycle
User A: What time do u needa be home
User B: Well I can't go anywhere 2nite my moms home n I gotta go 2 school 2moro
User A: Does ur mom work
User B: Yea she's a nurse
User B: Y
User A: Well if she works while ur out of school we can hang out
User A: What times does she work
User B: Yea she usually works nights
User A: Ok dad work?
User B: My dad doesn't live here
User A: Ok so what time tomorrow
User A: Is it just u and ur mom
User B: Idk if she works tomorrow I gotta check?
User B: Yea
User A: Ok so what are u wanting
User B: Idk I'm down 4 wutever
User A: Question
User B: Wut
User A: Are you a virgin
User B: No I had sex b4
User B: Is that bad
User A: Can you send me pics please
User A: How many times
User B: Just twice w my x bf
User B: Pix of wut
User B: R u really a cop??
User A: I was. Clean and dirty pics and no not bad
User B: Ur not ne more?
User B: I don't wanna get in trouble
User A: No ur not going to get in trouble and not any more
User B: Oh
User B: My mom blocked pix messaging on my phone.. I can email them tho
User A: Download kik msger
User B: I can't my mom has the pw 2 download apps
User A: My email is epd288@Gmail.com
User A: Ok well u got my email
User B: I sent a pic
User A: Any naked?
User A: Ok
User B: Ur turn
User A: Sent
User B: Hot
User A: Ur turn.. less clothes
User B: U wish lol
User A: I do I got some
User B: Ya well I never even met u b4
User B: Sorry
User A: U will tomorrow
User A: How do I know ur not fake
User B: How do I kno ur not??
User A: Want me to call u
User B: Maybe 2moro? My moms here
User A: Send me a naked pic with ur face in it and ill send u a naked pic
User B: Hell no
User B: My friend sent pix like that 2 a guy n he showed everyone
User B: I ain't sending u any like that when I never even met u
User A: If I showed anyone. ANYONE I would get introuble
User B: Ya n so would I
User A: So send to me I swear on everything
User B: Nope
User A: Bikini
User B: Shut up already
User A: Ok ur a cop bye
User B: Ur the one that says ur a cop on ur profile stupid
User B: Never even met u b4 n u think I'm gonna send u dirty pix.. Ur stupid
User A: I was a cop. I got in a shoot out had shot the crack head shooting at me and my partner then I resigned!
User B: Right
User B: Ttyl
User A: Im trying to see if ur real or not cops would never send pics like that and I know that for a fact. But someone that isn't lieing about who they are shoul
User A: dn't have anything to hide.
User B: I'm not a cop stupid in just not a slut n sending that crap 2 someone I don't even know
User B: BYE
User A: Cant even find u on Facebook
User B: God ur so stupid
User B: Don't even text me if ur gonna act like a pathological
User B: Psycho*
User A: Yup im stupid trying to cover my ass
User A: No I know how the real world works. Im trying to cover my ass.
User B: U just think I'm some stupid slut n gonna send u naked pix
User B: N u sound crazy telling me I'm a cop
User B: Maybe u should talk 2 some other stupid girls
User A: Ok sorry how about tomorrow I bring u to get a soda?
User A: Never called u stupid or a slut. Im just saying I know how cops operate. And ur doing what they would do.
User B: Bring me to get a soda?? Lol no thanks
User B: I'll ttyl ur just 2 weird
User A: Wow ok. Umm shit
User A: Do u want to know about me. My story
User B: Ok
User B: ...
User A: Im 21 im a fire fighter emt. And certified police officer. I have an adopted child and I am divorced. I had a football scholarship and a cheerleading sch
User A: olarship. I dont drink smoke chew or do any kind of drugs. Never have. I scuba dive and enlisting in the navy as a SEAL candidate. I have broken many bon
User A: es due to motorcycle accident car accidents fighting mix martial arts and football. I love shooting my guns and I qualified as a swat team operator. I lo
User A: ve the outdoors and the river. I babysit my niece alot. What else do you want to know?
User A: Nothing?
User B: Wow that's a lot.. U were married?
User B: How old is ur kid?
User A: 2 and yes not very long
User B: When did u guys break up
User A: Few months ago
User B: Oh
User B: R u sure ur not gonn get back together
User A: Yeah. She doesnt even speak to me
User B: Why not? Did u tell her she was a cop? Lol
User A: I married her when I was a cop. My ring is the thin blue line lol
User B: It was blue?
User A: Ill email pic
User A: Its not sending
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Y did u wanna kno if I was a virgin
User B: I didn't want to take ur virginity
User A: Oh.. Nope
User B: Can I see u today
User A: Idk yet I'm still at school?
User A: Wut r we gonna do
User B: Go get some food and talk see where it goes
User A: Lol
User A: Sounds kinds boring :p
User B: What
User B: What do u wana do?
User B: Ahh I get it. U wana do me lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Or not
User B: Lol u think I wanna do u huh
User B: U think ur that hot or something? ;)
User A: Yes yes I do
User A: Nope I know im ugly.
User B: Nah ur not.. but u are cocky! Lol
User A: I have to be
User B: Why
User A: I have to be
User B: Y??
User A: If ur not it shows ur weak
User B: So do u really think I wanna do u then
User A: Idk ill leave that for u to desided
User B: Y do u think I'm hot
User A: Ur very beautiful
User B: Nahh
User A: Yes u are
User B: I think I'm just ok
User A: More then ok
User B: I don't think so
User A: Well Im telling you
User A: Just let me know if you want it
User B: Want wut
User A: Nvm
User B: Huh?
User A: U want sex
User B: Do u like me enough 2 have sex w me?
User A: I dont know you. Hints y I want to meet u
User B: Wow wutever
User A: Yes I like you. But sex is kind of a big deal. I haven't had sex sense my ex wife. So I want to make sure ur not crazy or it's not going to be a one time thing
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok well when can I see u
User B: Hope Friday night
User A: Wait here is a dilemma
User B: Wut
User A: I wana see u naked before we have sex but u wont send pics till after we hang out. But we are having sex when we hang out lol
User B: Y do u think I'm fat or something
User A: I just wanna see ur ass pussy and tittys
User B: Lol
User B: All guys wanna see that
User B: R u gonna pick me up in ur jeep? It's pretty damn nice
User A: This weekend
User A: Jeep or motorcycle
User B: Lol jeep for sure
User B: Motorcycles freak me out
User A: Ok jeep then lol can u go to beach
User B: At night?
User A: All night
User B: Maybe I'll just tell my mom in sleeping over at my friends
User A: Yeah all weekend
User B: Ok I'll try
User A: Hun can u send me the pics
User B: R u seriously asking me for dirty pix again
User A: Ok
User A: What if I sent u one first
User B: I can if u want.. But I just don't send that shit 2 guys I don't even kno
User B: N if u keep bugging me about it I'm gonna block u
User B: For real
User B: U can if u want*
User A: If I send one will u
User B: NO SO STOP ASKING ME
User A: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol
User B: What?
User A: Just funny
User B: Ill watch it with u to lol
User A: Lol nahh that's ok
User B: So instead of beach would u wanr to go to river or the farm
User A: Yea that's kool
User B: Ok lol
User B: Whats ur real name
User A: Wut do u mean my real name
User B: I can't find u on Facebook
User A: It's [decoy name]
User B: Found you
User A: Stalker
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Can I see u tonight
User A: Wow ok
User B: Lol I was just joking
User A: Ok can I see you hun
User A: Ok can I see you hun
User B: Like wut time
User B: ?
User A: Up to u
User B: Umm.. my grandma usually drops me off at like 6:30
User B: Maybe like 7 so I have time 2 get ready?
User A: Ok are we staying at ur house?
User B: Uhh noway.. my neighbor will see ur car there
User A: Do u have a garage
User B: No...
User B: Take me 2 ur house?
User A: Back yard cause I can bring my motorcycle and hide it
User B: Why can't we go 2 ur house?? I don't wanna get in trouble
User A: Ok can I still take the motorcycle
User A: And I might not have service in Hartford
User B: K
User B: I live on Burch st.. But idk if u should go 2 my house cause what if my neighbor sees me get on w u
User B: She's gonna tell my mom
User B: I can walk down to the pig n get on there
User B: So no 1 can see n I walk there all the time
User B: Hullo
User A: That will work be there at 7
User B: Kk ^_^
User A: What are you wanting to do
User B: R we going 2 ur house lol
User A: Sure
User B: K good
User B: Is anyone gonna b there?
User A: What do you want to do
User B: Is anyone gonna b there??
User A: Nope
User A: What time do you need to be home
User A: Im not playing on having sex. Is that ok?
User B: Wut?
User B: Uhhh... I thought that's wut we were doing
User B: ????
User B: God u r soo stupid
User B: I'm already sick of ur games n lies
User B: I knew u were all talk
User A: We will talk about it when I pick u up
User B: Don't even come
User B: Ur all talk
User B: I'm not going anywhere w u.. Liar
User A: Im on my way now im not turning around
User B: Stop texting me. I'm not meeting u
User B: BYE
User A: Call me please ill come get u and we can have sex at my house ok damn
User A: Ok??
User B: I hate guys who play games!!
User A: Yes you will meet me or not? Im on my way there right now
User B: I don't believe u.. Ur prolly standing me up
User B: I'm gonna wait there n look stupid waiting for u if ur not even really coming
User A: Be there at 7 please dont stand me up
User B: I'm not even home yet damn
User A: Ok wear something warm.
User B: U have ur motorcycle?
User B: I'm scared 2 ride them
User A: Jeep no top or doors
User B: Oh ok
User A: Yup yup got my dog
User A: Do u like guns
User B: Never shot 1 before
User B: Y
User A: I got a few if u wana shoot
User A: Ill be there in like 10 mins
User B: Ok lmk when I should leave
User B: ?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey
User A: Its allen whats up
User B: Nm.. U?
User A: Nothin in bed wamt to cuddle
User B: Hehe.. Me 2. Sure
User A: Come on lol
User A: Send a pic
User B: Can't my mom blocked pix messaging on my phone.. I can only send thru yahoo
User A: Allenriley2011@yahoo.com y she block them
User B: Do u have the messenger? Mine is er1ca_leah_cx
User B: So I won't send pix 2 boys I guess lol
User A: No lol
User A: Just email me one
User B: Did u get it?
User A: Yea omg
User B: Lol.. Thx
User A: Send more lol when u comin over
User B: Lol idk.. I'm bout 2 go 2 sleep actually
User A: On me lol jk its spring break come here
User B: Can't my moms home :p
User A: Well send another pic sexy haha
User B: U send one
User A: Of?
User B: Of u?
User B: Nice
User A: Lol u send another one
User B: Get yahoo messenger it's easier 4 me 2 send there
User A: I got one allenriley2011
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: This you
User B: Heyy.. Yup lol
User A: U can send some now lol
User B: Is that all u want is 4 me 2 send pix
User A: No :/
User A: I think your the prettiest girl ever
User B: No way lol
User A: Yes
User B: I dnt think so.. But thanks :p
User A: Y dint u think so
User B: I dunno.. I think I'm just normal
User A: Beyond thar so what do u want from me
User B: Wut do u mean
User A: Well u think all i want from u is pics what do u want from me
User B: Well that
User B: Thats all u were asking me 4
User A: Well because i got a have a few of a pretty girl:)
User B: Oh ;p
User A: Quit winking lol ill spank u
User B: Yea yea
User B: Well I gotta go 2 sleep.. Txt me 2moro
User B: ?
User A: Huh?
User B: Txt me 2moro?
User A: Look u can stay up i have to be up at 430 and work till 5 tomorrow afternoon im still up
User B: Lol.. U should go 2 sleep 2 then
User A: No gott ti see that booty first jkjk
User B: Haha u wish
User A: Please lol
User B: Nope.. Going 2 sleep! Hmu 2moro
User A: Wake up
User A: No sleep till 10
User B: Haha nite!
User A: U win goodnight
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol i didnt tell u i had a kid did i
User B: No.. Do u? Is it the boy in ur pix?
User A: Yes is that bad
User B: No lol... I think he's super cute ^_^
User A: Thanks
User B: Do u like bein a dad
User A: Yes he is wirh me now
User B: Kool.. How old is he
User A: 3
User B: That's kool
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :p
User B: Wyd
User A: Jus chillen.. U?
User B: Just got home wanna .....
User B: Hang
User A: Can't I'm w my mom
User A: Y wut would u wanna do ^_^
User B: Idk what u into
User A: I'm down 4 ne thing
User B: I really like?
User B: O?
User B: If ur up for anythin do u really mean anything?
User A: Yea Y?
User B: Nvm ;) i would go to jail if we did that
User A: Do what
User B: Nothing lol we cqn watch a movie instead
User A: No lol.. Wut r u talking about?
User B: Nothing u aint a bad girl u dont need to have sex right now ahah
User A: How do u kno lol.. I had sex b4..
User B: Well lets go
User B: Haha
User A: Lol u wanna 4 real?
User B: If ur cereal
User B: Forreal
User A: I am.. R u?
User A: ?
User B: Yesss
User A: Lol.. Hell yah
User B: Send a pic ;)
User B: And when sexy
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Aye.. Lol. Sorry
User B: What up bubble butt have u tried anal
User A: Nope never tried it
User B: Me either
User A: LOL!
User A: Ohh on a girl.. Lol I thought u meant.. Nvm :p
User B: Lol maybe we should try it
User A: U really want 2? I'm nervous it would hurt
User B: If ur fine with it wont hurt bad lol i aint gigantic down there
User A: Maybe.. I still think it would hurt tho
User B: Lol im only 3 inches
User B: Around
User A: Ooh ok well maybe :p
User B: Lmfao
User B: How tight are u
User A: Idk I only had sex once
User B: Y?
User A: Cause my bf broke up w me after
User B: Why he do that
User A: Cuz he's a fricken jerk
User B: Im sorry sweetheart
User A: I'm over it
User B: Well i bet your tiny af down there
User A: Lol I guess
User B: I wanna see
User A: U will
User B: When
User A: Idk I gotta figure it out
User B: Pic message
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Gues not
User B: Sorry I was on the phone
User A: Call me
User B: I just got yelled at 2 get off the phone lol
User B: When did u n ur sons mom break up?
User A: So haga
User A: Like 2 years agi
User B: R u single now?
User A: Yea lol y u ask
User B: Just curious :p
User A: Lol do u want to give me a bj
User B: Lol do u want me 2?
User A: Yes imma choke u
User B: Wut??
User A: Imma gag u with my big cock
User B: Lol..... Ok?
User A: Call me
User B: I will 2moro I gtg 2 bed
User A: Im bored would u sit on my face
User A: Damn'(
User B: Hmu 2moro k?
User A: Yes masm
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yummy lol i wanna see ur body
User A: Where is that?
User A: What abput bikini
User B: I dnt have ne bikini pix lol
User A: Y not
User B: Is that u in ur yahoo pic w then gun??
User A: Yea
User B: Oh
User A: Y
User B: Idk jw lol
User B: Do u work 2moro
User A: Nope take me some pics sweetie b4 we do it
User B: Y?
User A: Bc i wanna see what it looks like ;)
User B: Lol.. Idk I wanna meet u 1st so I kno ur not gonna go showing it 2 everyone
User A: I dont show pics to people thTs wrong
User B: Well idk.. I gotta kno I can trust u 1st
User B: My friends ex bf showed everyone in skool her pix
User A: Damn that suxks when u gonna be alone
User B: Later tonight.. Y?
User A: I wanna hang
User B: I can't 2nite
User A: Why not i want that booty
User B: Haha I kno u do but I gotta make up some story 4 my mom that I'm sleeping at my friends house if I wanna get out of the house
User A: Lol well fuck
User B: I kno.. my grammas already here. But I'll be able 2 get out another night 4 sure
User B: I gotta go I'll bbl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: U up now
User B: Yup
User A: Wyd
User B: Going out 2 eat w my gramma
User B: Wrud
User A: Where
User B: In Dothan
User A: At subway in hartford
User B: Kook
User B: Kool* lol
User A: Lol wyd tonight
User B: Idk yet I'll let u kno
User A: Ik its gonna be me
User B: Lol!
User A: If u can handle it
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Haha I ain't
User B: Where u at
User B: U suppised to call me
User A: At the mall
User B: Go to victoria secret and buy something
User A: Like wut
User B: Lingerie
User A: Lol 4 wutttt
User A: They do have cute stuff tho..
User B: For mw lol i wanna see u in ur bra and panties
User A: Lol I bet u do
User B: Well show me
User A: I'm at the mall!
User B: Lol there is a bathroom hahahaha
User A: Gross
User B: Im jk boo
User A: So wut do u wanna do tonight if I can get out of the house
User B: Whatever u feel like
User A: Mmk
User B: Ur friend can cum to jkjk
User A: She has a bf
User B: So u sayin u wouldnt mind
User A: If wut
User B: If she joined haga
User A: 2 do wut tho
User B: U know the wild thing
User A: LOL wut is the wild thing
User B: Sex
User A: Lol.. Idk she has a bf n I would rather it just be us 2..
User B: Ok thats fine i waa jw
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Wyd
User B: Nm u?
User A: At hime bout to drink lok
User B: Lol kool
User A: Captain morgan but if u at home ill get u instead
User B: Wuts that? I'm workin on it..
User A: Lol idk
User B: Captain Morgan?
User A: O its rum ;)
User B: Oooooh
User A: Yummy lol
User B: Yah.. Lucky
User A: How am i lucky
User A: I bought it last weekend and havent opened it yet
User B: Is it good? I never tried that b4
User A: Really good
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Wyd
User B: Watching war of the worlds lol
User A: Lol where in hartford u stay
User B: By Hardee's
User A: How there aint shit there
User B: Uh.. Not AT hardees stupid.. Across frm there
User B: On 167
User A: Thats the inland
User B: Where r u at?
User A: What u mean im at home washing my dads truck
User B: Ooh kool. Do u live w him?
User A: Mom and dad right nlw
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Goboutside
User B: Wut?
User B: Lol don't come by here my moms home ur gonna get me in trouble!
User A: No i was gonna ride by lol im home how
User A: I wasnt gonna stop i aint i dumbass
User B: Lol sheesh! I got worried
User A: Will u walk out around 430 so i can see ya lol i wave way or anythinh haga
User B: Can't we're just about 2 leave 4 Dothan to go 2 my grammas 4 dinner
User B: Lol I promise we're gonna hang out soon.. my mom goes back 2 work 2moro n I'll b able to get away from her :p
User A: I work 630 to 3
User A: Im starting to feel drunk again or just super tired
User B: What kinda car do u have?
User B: Lol yea I bet.. U should go take a nap lol
User A: Get on yahoo illsend pic
User B: Ok real quick cuz I'm about to leave w my mom..
User A: I gotta go to church
User B: Dang that's ur car?? Super nice!
User B: Oh ok.. Well I gtg 2 we're in the car now
User A: Yup my baby lol play fair ill let you drive it
User A: Nooooo
User B: Shhh! Ur gonna get me busted
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yo
User B: Hai
User A: Wyd
User B: Still at my grammas... Ughhhh so boring I wanna leave
User A: Damn i wanna talk on phone
User B: I kno I wanna talk 2 u 2
User A: Call
User B: I'll try when I get home ok
User A: Wheb
User B: Idk when we are gonna get home? Wat time u gonna b up til
User A: With u up all night:-)
User B: Lol I wish
User A: I will
User B: U will wuttt
User A: Be up all nigh
User B: Aren't u tired from last night?
User B: Lol I'd b sleeping all day if I stayed up til 6
User A: Naw im a big dog
User A: Lol hurry up
User B: Lol I'm not the one driving
User B: So can we hang out one day after u get off work?
User A: Yesss
User B: Sweet.. I'm gonna have to come up w a plan 2 tell my mom.
User A: Do u
User B: Yah!
User A: Lol
User B: Oh n when we hang out don't make fun of me cuz I don't have an accent k
User B: Lol.. We moved here from IL 2 years ago n ppl at skool think it's so funny that I don't have an accent
User A: Lol i wont
User A: Lol well i do and i dont like country music
User B: Lol I don't either! Wut do u listen to
User A: Rock rap im a drummer in a band
User B: Really? Wut kinda band
User B: We're leaving now I'll text u when we get home
User A: Rock band
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: U sound so innocent
User B: Lol no way
User A: Yes hen u gonna send some sexier pics;) ill send u a few
User B: Hahah oh yea?
User A: Yes will u
User B: Hahah after we chill maybe
User A: Please just bra and panties ill send one in my boxers? Deal
User B: Shit I gtg my mom is yelling at me cause I have skool 2moro.. Hmu in the morning k?
User A: Yes maam
User A: Delete these
User B: I do don't worry
User B: Lol nite ^_^
User A: Night night
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: My grandma is gonna be at my house 2day n 2morrow after school.. But not on Wednesday
User B: Ull see the loch ness monster
User A: Lol! Ur crazy
User B: Awesome lol so u gonna call me after school
User A: I'll try I got a lot of homework already
User B: Ill do it for u
User A: Uhh... I don't wanna fail!
User A: Lol jk
User B: Im smart af ive graduated college
User B: Wyd
User A: My gramma just picked me up
User B: Awesome im on my way home
User A: Kool
User B: Yup be home in like 20
User A: I can't c u 2day tho? My gramma is here
User A: Wednesday
User A: 4 sure
User B: O ok lol so u wanna a do are deal
User A: Wat
User B: Send me bra and panty pic i send u boxer pic
User A: Lol
User B: Lol yes or no
User A: No way I gotta meet u first 2 kno I can trust u lol
User A: My friends x bf showed everyone all her pix n her mom found out n she can't even have a fone ne more lol
User B: Look dont put ur face in it
User B: Get on messanger
User A: K
User B: ;)
User A: It's not working?
User B: Whag aint workin
User A: The pic.. Send it again
User A: U sent me that pic already :p
User B: I didnt know u got it lol send me a bra and panty pic ill show u my dic
User A: Nope
User A: N u sent that last week dork lol
User B: Y not
User B: U scared lol just show me the booty then
User A: I did already!
User B: Bo u didnt:*
User A: K I gotta do my homework my gramma is yelling at me
User B: No*
User B: U was laying down i wanna see it standing up
User A: I sent u one of me standing up quiet ur gonna get me in trouble
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u domewprk
User A: U done with homewor
User B: Yea almost
User A: Hurry up
User B: Y wuts going on?
User A: Nothin wanna talk
User B: I am talking 2 u lol
User A: On phone with ya innocent voice
User B: I don't think I can talk on the phone tonight my gramma is super strict
User A: Talk real low
User B: Just text me?
User A: Ok bubble butt wear booty shorts in the pic
User B: What pic
User A: The one your supposed to send
User A: Pic of u standing up so i can see ur butt
User B: Shutttt uppppp alreadyyy
User A: Yes maam im sorry
User B: Lol god
User B: I'm not fattt I promise
User A: I dont think your fat im a booty guy im sorry
User B: Well I do have a booty ^_^
User B: You'll see it soon
User A: I wanna see it now tho
User A: Lol :) ur teasing
User A: How was ur day
User B: Kinda crappy... We got tons of homework cause last week was spring break
User A: Lol im glad im not in school anymore
User B: I know it sux so much
User B: Is ur son there 2nite?
User A: Yup but so does the real world and no i toom him home
User B: Y does the real world suck? At least u get money..
User A: Yea but you bust your ass to have half ur money goes to taxes bills pile up yup suxks
User B: Ugh
User A: What?
User A: Im so sleepy
User B: Me 2
User A: Go to sleep
User B: U going 2 sleep?
User A: Idk yet wbu?
User B: Ya I think so
User A: Damn boring lol
User B: I kno.. Lol
User A: U really going to bed
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yup for the rest of the week except fri
User B: Oh wow.. R we still gonna meet up 2moro?
User A: Yea what time your mom get home we just gonna hangout i dont wanna go to jail haha
User B: She works til 11.. Hullo I'm not gonna tell her lol she would kill me
User A: Lol she would have me arrested lol
User B: I'm not stupid!
User A: I do wanna grab ur butt doe
User A: Didnt say you was
User B: Lol n wut else
User A: A bunch more ull see
User B: Lol tellll meee
User B: I dont like secrets ^_^
User A: Y its for me to know and u find out
User B: K
User A: U will like it i promise lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Wyd
User B: Leaving skool
User A: Nicw i got off at 3
User B: Kool
User A: U got homework
User B: Y?
User A: Jw
User B: K
User A: So we can sext lol
User B: Sexting is lame.. I think ur all talk
User A: What u mean all taln?
User A: Talk*
User B: U said u just wanna hang out now so w/e
User A: What u wanna do
User A: Ill do whatever u want
User B: I told u I'm down 4 wutever
User B: But I think ur all talk
User A: Do u wNt to have sex u gotta tell me what u want
User A: When ur wAlking funny u wont think im all talk;)
User B: I thought that's wut u wanted
User B: Yeaaa ok
User A: Is thar what u want
User B: Yah if u do
User A: Hell yea i do but yoy wont tell me how tight you are lol i got prepare lmfao
User B: Lol!
User A: So tell me how tight u are ik u play with yourself
User B: Idk what do I compare it 2?
User A: Ur fingers
User B: How do u prepare 4 it?? Lol
User A: I get my mind focused lmfao that way i can make myself not cum for awhile
User B: Ooh.. Lol.. Well I dnt wanna get preg..
User A: I wont cum in you lol are you gonna tell me how tight you are
User B: Well I told u I only had sex once so u can figure it out :p
User A: Ik you finger yourself so tell me haha
User A: You wanna know how big i am
User B: Ya
User A: What if i send a pic will ypu tell me how tight you ar
User B: Ok
User A: Get on messanger
User B: Lol wow ^_^
User A: What?
User B: Looks good hehe
User A: What about ypu i wanna see
User B: That wasn't the deal lol
User A: Fml
User A: Well play with yourself for me tell me how many you can put in
User B: I'm not even at home rite now I'm at my grammas
User A: Barhroom hahA
User B: 4
User B: Is that bad?
User A: Damn babe ur fingers small
User A: No boo
User B: Lol April fools
User B: I wanted to get someone 2day
User B: My friend went n told everyone she was preg 4 April fools... So stupid!
User A: Ur mean
User B: Hahah ur not the only 1 w jokes u kno
User A: WELL tell me trutg now
User B: Like 2
User B: I didn't do it but I did b4
User B: Wyd
User A: WELL tell me trutg now
User A: And nothing just wet af lpl
User A: Wyd
User B: Homework againnn :(
User A: U at home
User B: Grammas
User A: If we fuck please dont tell on me tho i love my son amd i dont wanna lose him
User A: And ok
User B: Omg I'm not gonna tell ne1! I would get in trouble 2 hullo
User A: Ok just making sure bc imma make you cum so much
User B: Lol I hope so
User A: O i will trust me
User B: Hehe good
User A: Is your clit very sensitive
User B: Yea
User A: Imma suck on it
User B: Can't wait ;)
User A: Lol u better deep throat this d
User B: Lol I'll try!
User A: Imma make you lol and imma bend you over and pound it hard till your cum is gushing out
User B: Omg... Shhh! I don't want my gramma walking by n reading! Lol
User A: Yes maam
User A: Uk u liked it
User B: Lol ur funny w ur yes ma'am
User B: Ya but I also don't wanna get busted
User A: How
User A: Wait till u get home haha
User A: Call me
User B: Ok I'll try when I get home
User A: Better lol ill talk dirty lol mske you soak your thong
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol oh god
User B: What?
User A: Soak my thong? Lol
User B: U will lol no u dont know what thinga are lmfai
User A: I kno wut it means u dork
User B: U dont know what thongs are
User A: I wear them dummy
User B: Yea sure whatever
User A: Ya ok
User B: Prove it
User A: I will.
User B: How?
User A: I'll wear 1 tomorrow
User B: I wont se it lol
User A: Uh, yah u will!
User B: How
User A: I'm gonna c u right?
User B: Yea
User A: K then.. Ill prove it 2 u
User B: How tho
User A: I'll show it 2 u stupid!
User B: Imma put it on my head like a mask so i can be a mexican wrestler lmfao
User A: Lololol
User B: Lol u like that lol
User A: Ur so goofy!
User B: Ik lol show me your thong now
User A: Lol nope
User B: Please
User B: Call me
User A: I will when I get home! Lol sheesh
User B: Imma whoop ur ass ll
User A: B nice or I'm not gonna call u ^_^
User B: Yes maam
User B: Wyd
User A: Eating.. Gonna b going home soon
User A: U?
User B: Driving arpund town blasting old school rap
User A: Lol
User B: 2pac shit
User A: Kool
User B: Yup old stuff wyd
User A: U just asked me that
User B: My b haha hurry up
User B: Grr
User A: Just got home hold on
User B: Yuppers
User B: Loser lol
User B: Lolololololololololololololol
User A: Wut!
User A: Ur so crazy
User A: Well I'm going 2 sleep.. Hmu 2moro
User B: O shit my phone sometimes doesnt say i have text before you do....do your part of the deal only fair
User B: O shit my phone sometimes doesnt say i have text before you do....do your part of the deal only fair
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol u wake up
User B: Im at work
User B: Lol so that text meant u still owe me bc i sent a pic haha u didnt answer my question
User A: I did answer ur questsion dummy I said 2
User B: When
User A: Yesterday!
User B: No u didnt so wat time tiday?
User A: Yes I did go look at ur texts again lol
User A: Idk u tell me? 5?
User B: Around rmthat i wanna shower first;)
User A: Ok 5:30?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: R u really gonna do the Mexican wrestler? Lol
User B: Y
User B: Naw lil
User A: Lol aww that would been funny as hell
User B: I might
User B: Please say u got some hair down there
User A: I do but I shave most of it.. That ok?
User B: I like a lil bit of hair lol
User A: Haha good
User B: Wgat how much u got
User A: Not a lot? Just a little up top
User B: Yummy
User B: Call me
User A: Y? I thought ur at work
User B: On way home
User B: If ur alone i wanna talk lol
User A: Just come here lol
User B: Call me ill explain
User A: Explain what??
User B: Just call
User A: Y ur not coming now?
User B: Im cominh just call me
User A: I'm just getting in the shower I'll call u when I get out
User B: Wont take long
User B: Stretch that thing out alil bit i dont wanna hurt you
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Im so scared lol i dont wanna get arrested lol
User B: Lol shut uppp
User A: What lol im old af
User B: Whatever lol u better not get ME in trouble lol
User A: Where you at
User B: Just got 2 Hardee's gonna order somethin
User A: Hiw am i gonna get you in trouble
User B: I'd b grounded for the rest of my life lol
User A: U better not get ME in trouble
User B: Where r u
User A: I bet my dad wants hardees lol
User A: Home lol
User A: Lol
User B: Come pick me up so I don't have to walk home
User A: Yes maam
User A: Eat there lol ill pick u up from there i gotta go to pig and subway
User B: Kk
User A: What u wearing
User B: Pink shirt n shorts
User A: Lol imma get u to shower me that v in the car lok
User A: Show* lol
User A: Almosr out thw pig
User B: Lol ok
User A: Lol wtd
User B: Eating n waiting 4
User B: U
User A: Im almost done
User B: K kool
User A: Lol imma be done soon lol what u eat
User B: Lol hurry up
User B: Chicken burger n fries
User B: The curly ones
User A: I am about to drop mom oxff and come there
User B: Ok
User A: U ready
User B: Yup
User A: Comin be rrady
User A: Here
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User A: Its me shane
User B: hiii
User A: :)
User A: Wyd ?
User B: bored like usual lol u
User B: bored like usual lol u
User A: So how far are u from maloney ?
User A: Just waching tv at my crib
User A: Are u Spanish jw :)?
User B: maloney high school?
User A: Ya I liv acrose the street from it lol
User B: lil bit i got some puerto rican in me..y lol
User A: Cuse ur really cute :)
User B: awww ty ^_^ ur cute to
User A: Got any more pics of u jw
User B: ya lol u got nemore of u
User A: Ya boo
User A: Can I see some of u :)?
User B: i like ur beard
User A: I bet u got a nice ass  all Spanish girls do :)
User B: haha its kinda small
User A: U fill like hanging out if ur not dat far boo ?
User A: Got any but pics boo ill tell ya if its small :)
User B: my moms off work today n i dont wuna get caught n get in trouble lol
User B: h.o ill see lmao
User A: U wont get in trubel lol we can hang out at my place if u want ti
User A: To*
User B: haha my mom would kill me if she caught me
User A: Aww :(
User A: Btw ur boobs are nice :) did u find a pic of ur ass ?
User B: haha thanks :P n no i didnt
User B: You really wuna hang  out w me?
User A: Ya if u want to
User A: Im guessing ur like a 34b ?
User B: some bras i can fit into b
User A: Mmm :)
User A: Got any more sexy pics ? U wereing a bra now?
User A: Got any more sexy pics ? U wereing a bra now?
User B: duhhh :P
User B: kk h.o
User A: Wat coler :)?
User A: Do u think a 11 inchs is big lol ?
User B: its red n 11 inches wht?
User A: Can I see ur sexy bra n ill send u one of me :)?
User B: i dont got a cam -_- plus my friend sent one to her ex n it went around the whole school lol
User A: Aww lol come hang out den :)
User A: So do u think a 11 inchs is big lol ?
User B: it would have to be a day my mom works lol
User B: 11 inches?huh
User A: Want to see a pic?
User B: kk
User B: omg!!lmao i didnt kno u were guna send a pic of tht..tht things bigger then my head lmao
User A: Got any more pics boo n wat day. Dose she work
User A: U like?
User B: my ex bf was like half tht lmao
User A: Lol
User A: Got more sexy pics boo :)?
User B: lol do u got fb?i got pics on there
User A: Ya wats ur fb name
User B: *edited*
User B: u can add me but dont post or nething
User A: :)
User A: When dose ur mom work ?
User B: i gotta check she works 2-10 when she does tho
User A: Oh cool I work 5-11 tmo lol
User B: 5am-11am
User A: I make good money nope 5pm to 11 pm
User B: ohhh..wht do u do
User A: I bring home like 450$ evrey 2 weeks
User A: I work at *employer removed* in Cromwell lol
User B: omg!i wish i was old enough to get a job haha
User B: do u work like every day
User A: Nope day off to day I work tuseday wensday friday n saterday
User A: Some times sonday
User B: ohhhh
User A: Ya but I get paid 10$ an hr :)
User A: So I make good money lol
User B: wht do u do there
User A: Dishes / cook
User B: ima good cook :)
User A: Do u ever were leggings or yoga paints ? Jw
User A: Same :)
User B: ya i love yoga pants :)
User A: Mmm :)
User A: Got any pics of u in them :)?
User B: haha i dont think so but lemme see
User A: :)
User A: I love girls in them they look sexy :)
User B: haha well there def comfy ^_^
User B: hey brb i gotta eat dinner
User A: Kk
User A: Msg me when ur back on sexy :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I didn't go to school today ^_^ n mom works overtime so shes goin in early
User B: Hey sexy
User B: Wat time dose she go to wor
User B: U there sexy?
User A: shes goin in at 10
User B: Oh cool want to hang out b4 I go to work?
User A: r u guna pick me up?n when?
User B: Ya ill pic u up n after she leavs
User B: We can hang out till 4 then ill drop u back off at home n go to work
User B: Wat u wereing babe ?
User A: ok ^_^ do u kno where holy angels church is
User B: Is it next to ur school?
User A: pink shorts n a t shit
User A: its on main street I live like 5 min from it..my neighbor is nosy n I think itd be better for me to jus walk there n u pick me up there
User B: Its on main st ?
User B: Ya I put it in to my gps lol
User A: wht time u guna pick me up?i gotta shower lol
User B: 915 main st rite? Next to berch road
User B: Did ur mom leav ?
User B: Is the cherch like a school ?
User A: its 585 main st in south meriden n no she didn't leave yet
User B: Ok boo let me no when she leavs n ill come pic u up wat u gana were to see me ?
User A: wht u want me to wear haha :P
User B: A nice sexy black bra and some leggings
User A: haha kk :P..how bout yoga pants instead lol there more comfy
User B: Kk
User B: Go take ya shower now boo so as soon as she leavs I can come get u
User A: kk ^_^
User B: Kk cant wait to see u
User A: mom left ima get dressed n then do the dishes so how bout u pick me up at 10:15?
User B: Kk
User B: Ill leav soon then
User B: Wat u wereing babe ?
User A: blue tshirt n yoga pants ..wht r u guna be drivin so I don't walk up to the wrong car haha
User B: Im on my way now boo dw ill text u n let u no its me
User A: well text me when ur there n ill start walkin..I don't wuna get there before u cus ppl will wonder wtf im doin jus standin there haha..yayy im excited ^_^
User B: Kk im leaving my house now be there in 12 minutes  me to
User A: kk  wht r u drivin?i don't wuna walk up to some random car if its not u
User B: A Buick
User B: Im next to the ymca
User A: idk wht a buick is lmao..wht color
User B: Blue
User A: kk
User A: how far r u
User A: should I start walkin??
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: n2m.  wat bout u?
User B: just ate dinner
User A: wat did u have?
User B: chicken
User B: haha
User A: lol yummy.  im having chicken too.
User B: nice
User B: what else you doin
User B: you should call me
User A: sry i typed the message n never hit send lol.  ive g2g eat dinner.  talk 2 u in 20?
User B: ok
User B: thats fine
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: k im back :)
User B: okkk
User A: how was ur day?
User A: I can call in just a few if u still want to talk?
User A: r u there?
User B: its ok
User B: my day was good
User B: yeah im here sorry
User A: can i call u?
User B: yeah in a lil
User A: ok let me kno when.  but hurry bc my mom n dad went to the store n they might be back soon.
User B: ok
User B: i gotta feed my dogs brb
User A: ok
User B: ok back
User A: my parents r back home :(
User B: its ok
User B: no worries
User A: maybe 2marrow?
User B: yeah
User A: k.  r u goin 2 be on at around 9 tonite?
User B: yeah
User A: ok im goin to go hang out on the couch n watch some tv for a while.  tty in a bit.
User B: ok thats fine
User B: ttyl
User B: :)
User A: Ok, buh bye :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u
User B: hey :)
User B: did you text me?
User A: no i havent even turned my phone on 2day.  it died last nite after i send u that message on meetme
User A: y did u txt me?
User B: on nevermind
User B: so whats up babe
User A: nothin jus reading a book on my moms kindle n talkin 2 u :)
User B: cool
User A: wat r u doin?
User B: watchin tv
User B: talkin to you
User B: haha
User A: lol wat u watching?
User B: comedy central
User A: o ne good?
User B: eh kind boring
User B: id rather be hanging out with oyu
User A: ya that would be fun :)
User B: i wish
User A: me 2
User A: me 2
User B: so
User B: whats up
User B: lol
User B: what you doin now?
User A: sry i was brushin my teeth n washin my face
User B: its ok
User B: i hope we can hang out sometime soon
User A: ya i asked my mom n she works nites the rest of the week :(
User B: realllllllyyyyy
User B: so when is the ideal timezone for us to hang out?
User B: during each day
User A: days when my dad works.  my moms a nurse so she works all diff shifts.  so when she works days n my dad works, i can hang out
User B: ok
User B: so if we did hang out what time would it be at
User A: well my dad goes to work at 9, so like 10 or 11.  n i would have to be home by 5 b4 he gets off work.
User A: well my dad goes to work at 9, so like 10 or 11.  n i would have to be home by 5 b4 he gets off work.
User B: sorry my interenet is beeing weird
User A: its ok.  i have a rly bad headache.  i think im gonna lie down.  can i talk 2 u 2marrow?
User B: yeah
User B: :(
User B: its ok
User B: feel better babe
User A: im sry.  r u mad at me?
User B: no
User A: ok ill talk 2 u 2marrow.  g'nite babe
User B: goodnight !
User B: ;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: hey u
User A: whats up
User B: nm jus hangin out.  u?
User A: same
User B: how was ur day?
User A: pretty good
User B: cool.  u have to work?
User A: friday i do
User B: sry i couldnt meet up today.  my mom is on nites the rest of the week.  ill let u know when her schedule comes out for next week.
User A: thats ok
User A: ok sounds good
User A: ill have to wait pateintly
User B: lol sry!
User A: :(
User B: forgive me?
User A: yeah
User A: its ok
User A: what you doin tomorrow
User B: nothin jus hangin out at the house wit my mom n sis.  maybe go see my friend jo again
User A: cool
User A: soo
User B: sooo ;)
User A: i want you
User B: u have me lol  i thought we were bf n gf?
User A: we are
User A: i meant i want to mess around with you
User B: oh lol sry im dumb.
User A: Lol its ok
User A: Are you in your room
User B: ya i am
User A: What you wearing
User B: a red t-shirt and black shorts
User A: Nice
User A: Do you have skirts?
User B: hbu?
User B: ya a few
User A: Im on shorts and a shirt haha
User B: hahaha
User A: When we meet up you should wear a skirt if possible
User B: ok i will.  y?  u like skirts?
User A: Yes i do a lot.
User A: :)
User B: ok.  i will wear 1 :)
User A: Awesome!
User A: And then you can do the splits for me
User B: lol in the skirt?
User A: Yesssso
User B: lol ok :)
User B: n ur gonna play guitar for me?
User A: Yes i will
User A: Do you ever masturbate
User B: nah
User B: i rly dnt know what to do
User A: Have you ever tried
User B: no
User A: So youve never done anything except a kiss
User B: with tongue
User A: I see
User B: ya
User A: Have you ever seen a penis
User B: ya in like health class n stuff, but not in real life
User A: Hmmm
User A: Do you want too
User B: sure i guess
User A: Ok
User A: Ill show you mine haha
User B: lol ok
User A: :)
User B: lol
User A: In person
User A: Or a pic if you want
User B: sure :)
User A: Lol
User A: Would you like that?
User B: lol ya sure
User B: r u there?
User A: Ok ill post a close up of it first on my profile here. So you dont have to download it, just look at it
User B: ok
User B: how do i see ur profile?
User A: Should be able to find it
User A: Youll aee
User B: send me the link to ur profile when u have it up
User A: See it?
User B: no just a smiley face pic
User A: Oh
User A: Now ypu see it?
User B: ya i see it now.  thats big.
User A: Haha
User B: its kind of a dark pic
User A: Ok hold on
User A: I can take more
User A: If you want
User B: ok
User A: Heres another
User A: Do you see
User B: its still the same pic
User A: Ok now it should be different
User B: nope its still the same 1
User A: What is it now
User B: o ok i see it
User A: Both?
User B: i only see 1 pic at a time.  first the dark 1, now another one
User A: Ok now is it my dick
User B: no its just all black
User A: Hmmm
User A: This isnt working too well haha
User B: its ok.  i have an ear ache from when i went swimming today.  can we talk some 2marrow?
User A: Yeah thats fine
User B: thanks babe.  talk to u then.  :*
User A: Ok goodnight :)
User B: g'nite :)
User A: Night babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sry im at my gmas and my internet is like so dumb here
User B: Its ok babe
User B: So how are you
User A: im good jus tired.  we have been at the pool all day.
User A: hbu?
User B: Oh cool. I worked all day
User B: I wish i could see you
User A: i know.  me 2 :(  my mom gets her hours for next week on sunday.  i can tellu  then when she works days
User B: Ok sounda good
User A: so how was work?
User B: It was crazy. Very busy
User A: o ya?  wat did u do?
User B: Im a waiter haha
User B: At chilis
User A: o thats cool.  ya i guess u would be busy on friday nites lol
User B: So your sleeping there?
User A: ya my mom n dad r goin to have a date weekend.  gag me...ugh
User B: Lol
User B: Gag
User B: So they are gone?
User A: lol ya they r gone
User B: So do you have more freedom or no?
User A: oh no...not wit my gma.  brb
User B: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u there
User B: Yeah
User A: sry my gpa was puttin in a new thing for the internet to try n fix it
User B: Oh i see thats ok
User A: so wat u doin?
User B: Let my dog out you
User A: jus readin a book on my moms kindle.  bored 2 death.
User B: What can make you less bored
User A: somethin to do on a fri nite, but my gma wont let me do nething :(
User B: Aw why not?
User B: Could you sneak out
User A: no i sleep in a room wit my sis here n she would tell on me
User B: Oh damn
User B: Well that sucks
User A: ikr!
User B: When do you start school
User A: aug 21
User B: Where do you go
User A: im goin to start highland park hs.  ive never been there.  i just moved here from ny
User B: Oh i see
User B: Well that should be fun and interesting
User A: i dnt know ne 1.  i had some friends in schiller park but then my mom n dad got back together n we moved to highland park.  now idk ne one.  :(
User B: Damn
User B: Well you know me :) haha
User A: lol ur not in high school
User B: Nope
User A: lol u should go back so i know some1
User B: Ok lol
User A: ;)
User B: Are you on a computer that has a camera
User A: no im on my laptop
User B: Oh damn
User B: Thats ok
User B: Are you in bed
User A: no im sittin at my desk.  hold on my gma is yellin 4 me
User B: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heya
User B: Hi
User A: sry it took so long.  my gma can talk foreverrrrr
User B: Its ok
User A: wat u doin?
User B: Watchin tv you
User A: nothin jus readin somethin about amanda bynes.  shes nuts
User B: Lol yeah
User B: She is
User B: Are you in bed now
User B: How long u gonna be at their house
User A: no im still at my desk.  in im gonna be here til sunday
User B: I see
User B: Im just laying down
User A: r u tired?
User B: A lil
User A: o...u want to talk 2marrow then?
User B: Sure
User B: What time will you be on
User A: k.  im gettin tired 2.  probably at nite.  im goin shoppin wit my gma 2marrow.
User B: Ok well just let me know wheb youll be on.
User B: Cool
User A: ok i will.  miss u :)
User B: Miss u too
User A: k ttys :) xoxo
User B: Goodnight babe xo
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: thats good
User A: so do you know if oyu can hang out this week
User B: ya my mom works on fri during the day.  want 2 hang out then?
User A: eah sure
User A: yeah*
User B: ok cool :)
User A: sounds good
User B: wat do u want 2 do?
User A: idk what do you think
User A: is the best way
User B: the best way for wat?
User A: to hang out
User A: since we gotta do it kinda secretly
User B: um u have a roommate?
User A: yeah
User B: does he work on fri?
User A: yeah
User A: i think so
User B: cool
User A: yup
User A: either way ill just pick you up and we can meet
User A: you should call me tonight haha
User B: thats cool.  n i cnt bc im out of mins on my phone til fri when my dad gets paid :(
User A: damn
User B: ikr.  sry :(
User B: im pretty stoked bout seein my bf tho :)
User A: lol yup
User A: its gonna be fun
User B: heck ya!
User B: cnt wait to hear u play the guitar!
User A: lol
User B: do u have any youtube vids?
User A: nope
User B: u should make 1
User A: i have before
User A: but they are fone
User B: put it on youtube!  i want 2 see u play!
User A: i dont have it anymore
User B: will u make 1?
User A: yeah
User B: 2nite?
User A: i cant tonight lol
User A: too late
User A: tired
User B: :( 2marrow?
User A: yeah maybe
User A: i work till like 5
User B: ok :)
User A: so
User A: what you doin
User B: nothin jus playin on fb.  u?
User A: nice
User A: just watchin tv
User A: i wish you were here
User A: in my bed
User A: naked
User A: haha
User B: lol o ya?
User A: hell yeah
User B: lol y is that?
User A: becuase your super cute
User B: awww ty :) so r u!
User A: thanks
User B: wat u watchin on tv?
User A: comedy central
User B: o wats on?
User A: drunk history
User B: o lol do u drink?
User A: yeah
User B: o thats cool
User A: yup
User A: what you wearing
User B: my pjs
User A: sexy
User A: haha
User B: lol not rly.  wat about u?
User A: shorts and a shirt
User B: cool :)
User B: well im gettin pretty tired.  can we talk more 2marrow?
User A: yeah
User B: ok babe.  ttys.  g'nite
User A: gnight babe
User A: ;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babe i have bad news :( my mom is workin for someone 2nite who is sick so she has off 2marrow.
User B: Aw that sucks
User B: Aw that sucks
User A: im sry :(
User A: we can still hang out next week tho
User B: Its ok
User B: Its ok
User B: Yeah true
User B: Yeah true
User A: r u mad?
User B: No
User A: promise?
User B: Yeah dont worry its ok
User B: Yeah dont worry its ok
User A: ok :) wat r u doin?
User B: Nm you
User B: Nm you
User A: nothin jus got back from the pool a lil bit ago
User B: Cool
User B: Cool
User B: Im tirred
User B: Im tirred
User A: take a nap
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi im back
User A: Hi im back
User B: hey u
User A: What you doin
User A: What you doin
User B: nothin just watchin tv
User A: Cool
User A: Cool
User B: how was ur nap?
User A: Good:)
User A: Good:)
User B: lol u know only babies n old ppl take naps.  u aint a baby...;)
User A: Lol i knoww i was tired though
User A: Lol i knoww i was tired though
User B: haha im jk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Soo
User A: Soo
User B: sooo wats up old man? ;)
User A: Nm just chilin
User A: Nm just chilin
User B: thats cool
User B: im readin a rly good book
User A: What book
User A: What book
User B: gone girl
User A: Nice
User A: Nice
User B: they r makin it into a movie
User A: Cool
User A: Cool
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey noting you
User B: nothin just bored
User A: Same
User A: What would make you un bored
User B: lol if i knew i would be doin it!
User A: Lol true
User B: wat r u doin?
User A: Nm just ,hillin
User A: Chillin
User A: Wish you were here
User B: me 2.  wat do u want to do when we hang out?
User A: I want to do a lot of stuff
User B: like wat?
User A: Get in bed together
User B: lol o ya?
User A: Yeah
User B: sounds like fun
User A: Yeah
User A: What do you want to do?
User B: lol idk
User B: play dr
User A: Me too!
User A: I was gonna say that
User B: lol
User A: Haha
User A: I wish i could see you
User A: If only you had a camera
User B: u can soon.  my mom doesnt work on sun but she will find out her schedule mon
User A: Ok
User A: I hope it works out
User B: it will if u want it 2:)
User A: I do
User B: me 2 :)
User A: How we gonna do it
User B: do wat?
User A: Meet up
User B: um im thinkin of some place w/out alot of ppl but that u could still find n i could walk to.  idk alot around this area yet cuz i just moved here but i will go for a walk 2marrow n find somewhere
User A: Ok
User A: Sounds good
User B: k :)
User A: And then what, drive around?
User B: idk where did u want 2 do all that stuff u talked about?
User A: Hmmm maybe my place
User A: Or in the car
User B: i dnt want to do it in ur car my first time.  it has to be kinda special
User B: n dnt u have a roommate?
User A: Oh i didnt mean that inthe car
User B: o wat did u mean?
User A: Yeah i do but sometimes hes gone
User B: o ok so u dnt want to do all that stuff u talked about when we meet up?
User A: Yeah i do
User A: Were gonna do a lot
User A: Ill be your master
User B: o ok :) like i do everything u say?
User A: Yeah
User B: k
User A: That will be fun
User B: ya it will!
User A: What you gonna wear
User B: a jean skirt.  idk wat shirt or shoes yet
User A: What kind of skirt is the pink one
User B: it has like 3 layers hold on ill try to find it on google
User A: Get a cameraa haha
User B: *link edited* kinda like this
User B: lol i wish
User A: Which one is it?
User B: u see the 2 skirts that are purple n black?
User B: *link edited*
User A: Yeah
User A: I see it
User A: I like that is easy to lift up haha
User B: k its like that but lite pink
User B: lol
User A: Ha
User A: Either one is good
User B: k ill go back and forth 89432434908 times so ill just decide which one that day lol
User A: Lol ok haha thats fine
User A: What else you gonna wear
User B: idk depends on if i wear the pink skirt or jean skirt
User A: Yeah
User A: Underwear?
User B: u said u didnt want me 2
User A: Panties
User A: Yeah i dont
User A: Have you ever done that
User B: no
User A: You dont have too its uo to you
User B: um idk im kinda scared lol
User A: Haha yeah
User A: That makes it fun though right?
User B: lol i guess
User A: Well if you wear panties what kind
User B: wat kind do u want?
User A: Thong
User B: ya i can do that
User A: Ok
User A: Sweeet
User A: Cant wait
User A: Sooo
User A: You there?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User B: Hey
User A: wats up ?
User B: Chillin. You
User A: nothin jus readin
User B: Cool
User A: ya my mom works 2marrow so I can tell u when i can meet up
User B: Ok
User B: Tell me tomorrow?
User A: ya :)
User A: r u excited?
User B: Nice
User B: Very much
User B: Cant wait
User A: me 2
User B: :)
User A: im so tired from the lake 2day.  ugh
User B: Yeah what did you do
User A: jus hung out on the beach n my dad grilled some food
User B: Cool
User A: wat did u do 2day?
User B: Workedd haha
User A: o that sux
User B: Yep
User B: So i wonder what were gonna do when we meet u
User B: Up
User A: idk wat do u want 2 do?
User B: Hmmmm
User B: What do you want to do thats the question
User A: idk ur drivin lol
User B: True
User A: so wat r we goin 2 do?
User B: Idk depends
User B: Ill pick you up first of all
User A: k sounds good
User B: And then we will drive to my place if no one is there
User A: wat if ur roommate ist here?
User B: Hmmm
User B: Idk
User A: well i guess we can go somewere else
User B: We could go to the forest lol
User A: lol im kinda scared of snakes!
User B: Yeah true
User B: Well we could drive around
User B: Lol
User B: Im sure no one will be here if its during the day
User B: We can mess around on the way back
User A: lol how do u mean mess around?
User B: Kiss and stuff
User B: Play doctor haha
User B: What did you think it meant
User A: lol i jus dnt know how we can play dr in a car
User B: Lol i know. Well you can show me stuff cause youll be in a skirt
User A: lol ok.  does ur roommate work?
User B: Yeah
User A: when does he work?
User B: During the day
User A: o ok
User B: Yep
User A: well we can do w/e u want to do
User B: Oh really? Anything?
User A: ya
User B: Damn thats awesome
User A: well, it depends on wat u want to do
User B: Lol
User B: Well if we come back to my house we could do a lot
User A: lol ok
User B: Yep
User B: :)
User A: im goin 2 go to bed.  im rly tired.  can we talk more 2marrow?
User B: Yes
User B: Goodnight babe
User A: g'nite :*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heya :)
User B: Hi
User A: what r u doin?
User B: Just got out of work
User A: how was it?
User B: Good. What you up too? Any good news?
User A: nothin jus watchin tv.  n my mom is workin 2nite so ill have to ask her in the am.
User B: Oh ok
User A: she gets off at midnite
User B: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: wats up?
User B: Nm you
User A: nuthin.  i got grounded bc i got in 2 a fight wit my sis.  she tripped n spraned her ankle.  like i made her trip.  ugh.
User A: wat u been up 2?
User B: Lol that sucks. Just workin and atuff you
User A: nothin.  started school.  sucks :(
User B: That sucks
User A: so how bout that utube vid?  ;)
User B: So when could we hang out
User B: Oh i havent made it yet lol
User B: Im recording with my band soon ill send you that
User A: idk my mom took this week off to take care of my sis bc she cant rly do ne thing wit her ankle.  she goes back 2 work next week.
User A: rly?!  when do u record?  n u have a band?!?!?!?  that is so cool!!!
User B: Yeah. Tomorrow
User A: awesome.  so u can send it to me 2marrow nite?
User A: u busy? we can talk 2marrow?
User B: Yes. Yeah tomorrow is good
User A: k.  tty then.  g'nite
User B: Gnight
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ay babe.  wats up?
User B: hi
User B: nothing just chillin you
User B: brb!
User B: ill be here all night
User B: but ill be right back in ten minutes
User A: sry my dad was talkin to me n i had to shut the comp
User B: ok im back
User A: hey u :)
User B: hi
User B: what you doin
User A: nothin jus waitin on u.  wat u up 2?
User B: jsut chillin at home
User B: i wish you were here! im alone
User A: me 2.  i want 2 hang out wit u
User B: my secret gf
User A: ya my secret bf.  :) did u record wit ur band?
User B: yes but still waiting on the the mix
User B: ill let you konw when its done
User A: er mah gawd ur killin me lol
User B: lol
User B: sorrry
User A: lol its ok.  my dad jus d/l the new movie world war z.  im gonna go watch it wit him.  ill b back on in a bit.
User B: ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok sounds good!!!!
User B: wat r u doin?
User A: Playin call of duty
User B: borrrrriiiiiing lol jk ;)
User A: Lol i know
User A: What u doin
User B: nothin jus doin homework on mlk jr
User A: I can
User A: Cant wait to meet you
User B: me 2.  :) im so excited
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: wat up :)
User B: Hey
User B: Nm you
User A: nothin jus finished my homework.  i forgot 2marrow we dnt have school n have been workin on a paper all nite.  then my mom tells me!  ughhhh
User B: Lol yeah its labor day
User A: ya, now i know lol
User B: Yup
User A: wat r u doin?
User B: Nothin just chillin
User B: You
User A: eatin chips n foldin my laundry
User B: Nice
User A: u recorded wit ur band yet?
User B: No:( we were gonna today actually but had to cancel cause my gparents came in
User A: o dang :(
User B: Yeah
User A: so how is work?
User B: Its ok. I start school this week
User A: o thats cool.  wat r u goin 2 school 4?
User B: Music education
User A: o ur gna b a music teacher?
User B: Yup
User A: wat grades do u want 2 teach?
User B: Middle school and up
User A: nice.  how many yrs of school u have left?
User B: 1
User A: o ur almost done!
User B: Yup
User A: im hatin lol
User B: Yeah its gonna feel good
User A: lol well may b u can get a job at my school!
User B: Lol that would be funny
User A: lol it would b cool cuz i could see u all the time
User B: Haha yeah
User B: What would you do about that
User A: join the band ;)
User B: Haha nice
User A: ok my mom is yellin at me to get off the comp.  talk 2 u 2marrow.  gnite
User B: Ok gnight
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ay babe.  can u hang out 2marrow?
User B: Hey! Yes i can
User B: What time though
User A: yayayay my mom took my sis to the dr 2day n mom goin back 2 work 2marrow.
User A: pick me up at like 1030.  my mom leaves for work at 9.  so i have time to get ready
User B: Oh i see
User A: omg im so stoked
User B: Ok are you also free friday?
User B: Morning
User A: i got to ask my mom when she is workin
User A: u cant do it 2marrow?
User B: Ok cause friday would be better
User B: No i can if thats our only chance
User A: ya my mom is at the store rite now.  ill ask her if shes workin fri when she gets home.
User B: Ok!
User A: omg!
User B: What you doin right now
User A: waitin on my mom to get home so she can cook dinner lol
User B: Nice
User A: wat u doin?
User B: Nothin much just chillin after working
User B: So what we gonna do when i pick you up
User A: idk will ur roomie be home?
User B: Idk
User A: lol wat do u want 2 do?
User B: a lot of stuff
User B: haha
User A: lol like wat?
User B: kick it
User B: and teach you things
User A: yayaya
User A: ;)
User B: got any new pictures
User B: you should call me
User B: haha
User A: no but we can take some fri :)
User A: i dnt have ne mins left on my phone :(
User B: we can take pics of you?
User B: really?
User A: if u want.  i want some of me n u 2gether tho 2
User B: ok
User B: sounds good
User A: brb my mom is home
User B: k
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: my mom works fri :(
User B: damn
User A: do u still want 2 do it 2marrow?
User B: i cant  :( i have classsss
User A: when do u get out of class?
User B: 320
User A: :( u cant skip 2marrow?
User B: hmmmm
User B: idkkk
User B: ill think bout it
User A: k well let me kno
User B: ok
User A: so u dnt want 2 hang out wit me?
User B: yes i do
User A: jus have been tryin 4ever n u cant skip 1 day of class?
User B: i can but it suck cause i already missed the first day
User A: when was ur first day?
User B: tue
User A: its the jewish holiday 2marrow.  u can say ur jewish n the teachers have to let u make up ur work.
User B: lol how did you know
User A: my teacher said it 2day at school.
User B: oh i see
User B: well idk if that will work in college
User B: but yeah i really wanna hang out
User A: k well may b we can do it next week or somethin.  wat days do u have class?
User B: mon tue wed thur
User B: lol
User B: does she ever work fridays
User A: sometimes.  ill let u know next time she works on a fri
User B: ok :(
User B: this sucksss
User A: just ditch
User B: I knoww
User A: come on.  dnt be lame. ;)
User B: Lol
User B: Well i cant ditch my last class but i could my first one i guess
User A: wat time is ur last calss?
User B: 2
User A: holllaaa ;)
User A: so we could kick it for a couple hours
User B: Lol
User B: Yup
User B: Send me a pic
User A: k hold on
User B: Wow is that really you
User A: ya ive sent u pics b4?
User B: Yeah i know its just you are so beautiful
User A: aww ty ur so sweet.  now u send me a pic1
User A: hotttiiiiieeeee
User B: Lol
User A: hey i dnt want my sis to see me leavin wit u.  can u pick me up at the park like a little ways down from my house?
User B: Where is that
User A: its called central park.  its on park ave. in highland park. its at the very end of park ave at the end wit the lake.  theres not a lot of ppl  that go there.
User B: Damn thats far
User A: how far?
User B: Like a hour away
User A: o dam
User B: Or like 45min
User B: Idk what a address near you
User A: *address edited* is the addy of the park
User A: no sry its *address edited*
User B: Ok ill check
User B: So what you gonna wear
User A: i kno u wanted me 2 wear a skirt.  wat color did u want me 2 wear?
User A: i have pink, black, jean, n i think a green one.
User B: Whichever one is shortest
User A: lol ok the pink 1 then
User B: And a thong?
User A: sure if u want :)
User B: Yes
User A: k.  just fro my bf :D
User A: omg im so excited
User B: :)
User A: r u excited?
User B: Yes
User A: u promise u will be there?
User B: Yeah but y u so worried
User A: bc ur actin like u dnt want to come :(
User A: if u dnt want to ditch ur class we can just meet up on a fri when my mom works?
User B: sorry hold on one second I'm eating
User A: ok
User B: So you wanna see my webcam
User A: sure
User B: Ok
User B: What do you wanna see
User B: Are you in your room
User A: w/e u want to show me.  ya im in my room but i cant talk long.  my mom makes me get off the comp at 10
User B: Oh damn
User A: ya im sry :(
User B: Its ok
User B: Well
User B: I wish you had a webcam
User A: me 2 :(
User A: can u bring me 1?
User B: Yeah
User A: ty :)
User B: Would you be able to hide it
User A: ya ill put it in an old coat pocket or somethin
User B: Ok
User A: did u want 2 hook up 2marrow or on a fri when my mom works?
User B: Hmmm idkkkk i cant decide
User A: lol well decide soon!  im bout to have to get off here
User B: That sucksss
User B: How will we talk
User A: when?
User B: If i came in the morning
User A: i can talk 2 u on here until i leave for the park.
User B: Oh i see
User B: It takes about 30 min to get there
User A: o thats not 2 bad
User B: Yeah
User B: Well go on early in the morning
User A: ok. r u goin to hang out in the morning?
User B: Can you call me though before we meet up
User B: What if i came right now
User B: Lol
User A: i can try.  lol if u came rite now my dad would shoot u n me both1
User B: Damn
User A: ok well my mom is makin me get off the comp.  r u comin 2marrow?
User B: Idk can u go on in the monring and ill tell you
User A: ya thats cool.  talk 2 u then.  g'nite :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babe
User B: Hey!
User B: So wer gonna have to re-schedule because i have to go today
User A: oh boo.  :( ok
User A: want to hang out after u get out of class?  i can jus tell my dad im hangin out with my girl hannah
User B: Its just really bad luck for us
User A: :( i kno.
User B: Yeah maybe ill be out around 3:30 go on around then
User A: k.  can u pick me up at 4?
User B: I wont be back that fast. But possiblt. Ill let you know
User A: k.  well i cant leave past 430 bc my dad gets home n he will see me leave
User A: u there?
User B: Oh i see
User A: k well lmk if ur gonna make it.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: so wats the plan for today babe?
User B: Im at school right now. Well idk if ill be able to make it by 4 cause I dont get out till 320 and the traffic is usually pretty bad
User A: when could u get there?
User B: Idk depends on traffic
User A: think u could get there b4 430?  my dad gets off work then
User B: If there is no traffic i could
User A: k well ill be on at 330 n if u can make it let me know n i will walk over to teh park
User B: Ok!
User A: i will be so sad if i dnt get 2 see u!  i feel like we been tryin 4ever!!!!!  have a good day in class babe.  mwah
User B: I know its crazy. Thanks.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User A: Nm you
User B: nothin jus hangin out.  my mom got home n passed out so i could stay on the comp late lol
User A: Nice! Haha
User B: lol ya
User A: You should find out if she works wed or fri next week
User B: i did.  she works tues and wed during the days
User A: Omg perfect
User B: ya :)
User A: Sweet well ill see you wed then
User B: schweet!
User A: Yup
User A: Cant wait
User B: me 2 :)
User B: it seems liek 4ever tho!
User A: I know
User B: its cool.  how was class?
User A: Good
User A: How was your day?
User A: My phone might die soon btw
User B: bad i was so sad i didnt get to see u :(
User A: I know me to i was thinking about how it would be al day
User A: And how hott you would look
User B: ty :) ur rly sweet
User A: Yeah
User A: I would be all over you
User B: lol me 2!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babi :)
User B: Hey
User B: Whats up
User A: nothin jus got home from my friends house.  u?
User B: Just ate dinner
User B: im horny haha
User A: wat did u eat?
User A: lol o ya?  y is that?
User B: cause thinking bout you
User A: aww yayay :) ur so sweet
User B: haha thanks
User A: im so excited bout wednesday!!
User B: yeah
User A: r u gonna pick me up at the park?
User B: yeah
User B: why
User A: jus wonderin where we r gonna go
User B: idk yet lol
User B: its hard cause your so young
User B: i dont wanna get caught
User A: i dnt want to get caught either.  my dad would kill me.  ;(
User B: yeah
User B: and me
User B: we gotta be smart about this
User B: when is your birthday
User A: ya we do.  jus wish there was some place we could go.  my bday is april 4.  urs?
User B: how old are you now
User A: 14.  u didnt kno?
User B: yeah i did
User B: just checking
User A: lol o ok
User A: ya im still 14.
User A: u have any ideas for where we can go?
User B: no
User B: well
User B: idk the movies? lol
User B: are you a cop
User B: im scared haha
User A: lol no im not a cop.  r u my dad?  n dnt be scared.  u can trust me.  i wnt tell any1.  i would be in jus as much trouble as u!!
User B: ok
User B: cool
User A: is that y u wouldnt hang out wit me last week?  u thought i was a cop?  lol
User B: not exactly but yeah i did think that
User A: awww babe i dnt want u 2 be scared.  if u dnt want 2 talk we dnt have 2 :( i would by rly sad but i dnt want to pressure u into nething.
User B: really?
User B: i still want to talk
User A: but u dnt want 2 be my bf?
User B: yeah  i do
User A: so u do or dnt want 2 hang out?
User B: yeah i do
User B: lol
User A: lol ok i just dnt want to make u do nething that u dnt want 2 do.
User B: i know
User B: its ok
User A: *hugs*
User B: yeah
User B: where are you
User A: in my room.  y?
User B: jw
User A: lol ok.  wat r u doin?
User B: in my room to
User B: jacking off haha
User A: lol o ok.  will ur roommate be home wednesday?
User B: i dont tihnk so
User A: o ok we can go 2 ur house then?
User B: yeah
User A: cool
User B: yep
User A: r u ditchin class to hang out wit me?
User B: yeah
User A: aww i feel special :)
User B: lol
User A: n wheres the vid u promised me of playin guitar!!
User B: we gotta makeit worth it
User A: *u playin guitar
User B: i havent made it yet ive been lazy
User A: lazy lazy boy.  then ill jus tape u when i come on wed and put it on youtube for u.  u could get famous! ;)
User B: lol
User B: i could
User A: u better not forget bout me tho!
User A: <<
User B: lol
User B: ok i wont!
User B: i wish i was famous
User A: i wish u were 2!  lol it would be cool to have a rockstar bf hahaha
User A: my mom is makin me get off bc its 10.  talk 2 u 2marrow?  i have mins on my cell so i can text u from school. :)
User B: ok cool
User B: byyee
User A: bye :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User B: Hey
User B: Sup
User A: nm.  just ate dinner.  u?
User B: Bout to eat dinner haha
User A: lol wat u eatin?
User B: Mexican
User A: sry i dnt have a cam
User B: I know
User A: lol then y u send me a cam invite
User B: So you can see mine
User B: So how early can i meet up with you tomorrow
User A: o lol ok sry.
User A: can u pick me up after school?
User B: When is that
User A: 330
User B: Hmmm possibly.
User B: Isnt that kind of sketchy
User A: y is that sketchy?
User B: Where would i pick you up
User B: Like down the street?
User A: ya u wouldnt pick me up at my house!! lol
User B: I mean yeah ill do it
User A: or school haha
User B: But will you have a skirt still?
User A: i cant wear that one to school cuz ill get in trouble but ill put it in my backpack and change rite b4 you pick me up.
User B: Would you change in my car?
User B: Haha
User A: um not rite when u pick me up that would be kinda weird.  lol maybe in the back seat if u promise u wont look lol
User B: Lol
User B: Well im gonna see you naked anyways
User A: lol well still i want to hang out for a lil bit at first.  i would feel weird.
User B: Yeah i know thats true
User B: Well if its that late in the day idk if we can go back to my place, its better to go to my place if i pick you up early in the morning
User A: where could we go?
User B: Idk hmmmm
User A: well maybe i could skip at lunch... if i can get hannah to skip wit me and drop me off at home
User A: sry my dad reset the router wit out tellin me.  grr
User A: u there?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Its ok. Yeah
User B: do u want me to try to skip out at lunch?
User A: Nah thats too risky
User A: Let jist plan for a dofferent day
User B: i can skip school n jus tell my mom im sick.  but u have to bring me back b4 3
User A: Hmmmm
User A: I think we should plan for a diff day
User B: :( y?
User A: Cause i didnt know you had school haha
User B: its wednesday...
User B: i dnt think u rly want 2 meet me.  ur always like ya lets hang out then when it comes down to it u dnt want 2.  if so thats fine jus let me kno cuz i dnt want 2 waste my time
User A: Yeah i do i judt dont want it to be ina bad situation
User A: Is your mom working any other days this week
User A: Dont u have school everyday?
User A: Just let me know if u stay home ill come by but it has to be earlyyyy
User B: ya i do.  so if u dnt want to do it when i have school then we cant do it ne way bc my dad is home on the weekends.  my mom worked today and tom days, then nites the rest of the week.  wat time do u want 2 meet up?
User A: Idk prolly like 9am
User B: my dad leaves for work at 9.  i dnt want him to see me out.  is 10 to late?
User A: Idk
User A: Not kinda
User A: Dont be mad at me
User A: Please
User B: im not mad jus tryin to figure out how to see u :(  im sad.  wat about like 915 so my dad is gone?
User A: But i thik we should so it on a day that is better for both of ua
User A: So you dont have to ditch school
User B: i cant do it wit out ditching school.  my dad doesnt work on the weekends n i have school every day
User A: Do you really think you can ditch that easy?
User B: ya  im gonna tell my dad im ridin to school wit hannah n we r both goin to ditch.  im going to go to hannahs til my dad leaves then shes goin to take me home n ill walk to the park
User B: brb
User A: Dude omg
User A: That is crazy
User A: I dont think we should do that
User A: That is too complicated
User B: k well when u want to hang out u let me kno.
User A: Wait
User A: Dont be mad
User B: ya im mad bc im trustin u to be my first n everything n u cant even trust me 2 not get caught up.
User B: i would be in so much trouble if i was caught.  if i thought i was goin 2 get caught i wouldnt do it.
User A: Yeah true
User A: Cant we just wait though please
User B: wat r we waiting on?
User A: What did u wanna do
User B: hang out wit u!  wat did u think i want 2 do?
User A: I know
User A: What if i came at like 2pm
User B: hold on let me call hannah
User A: Lol
User A: Omg
User A: You should call me!
User B: her mom gets home at 630 so u would have to take me to her house b4 that so her mom doesnt see u.  ill jus have hannah take me home.
User B: i cant my parents are still awake
User A: Fuck
User A: This suckss
User A: I didnt know we would have to get other people involved
User B: hannah doesnt know ne thing about u.  she thinks ur 16 but my parents dont let me car date yet.  u dnt have to meet her if u dnt want 2.
User A: Oh i see
User A: U should just "stay home sick" alone and ill come by around 2 and we can meet and then ill leave and tjat will be our first meet
User B: no i cant meet u at my house.  my neighbors might see u
User A: I know the park i meant
User B: o so u dnt want to hang out?  u jus want to meet up and say hi?
User A: But your too young to be out during day during school
User B: well i didnt kno we would be out in public.
User A: We wont
User A: If u go to park though it miht be weird for u
User B: y would it be weird?  no 1 is ever at that park.  i go there all the time.
User B: well i got 2 kno 4 sure soon bc i have to get off at 10
User A: Well what do u think is best
User B: i think u should trust me not to get caught ditching school.  this isnt my first time.  if u dnt want to do it for some other reason let me kno.  but if its cuz u think im gonna get caught that makes me mad.  im not a baby.  i wont get caught.
User B: so we meetin 2marrow or no?  i got 2 know now
User B: i have to get off the comp in 5
User A: Lets just do it next week
User B: y?
User A: Please babe
User B: k well i have to go.  good nite
User A: Gnight thank you. So much
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey wats up
User B: Nm you
User A: nothin jus doin my homework.  :(
User B: Yeah. That sucks
User A: ya it does.  pre-algebra.  gag me
User B: Gag you?
User B: Lol
User B: Ok :)
User A: lol its so bad i want 2 puke.
User B: Wat u wearing
User B: ?
User B: U should delete our convos
User A: sry i fell asleep lol i will
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey wats up
User B: Hi!
User A: wat u doin?
User B: Just woke up
User B: You
User A: o cool.  i stayed home from school 2day cuz im sick :(
User B: Omgggggg you should have yold meeee
User A: y?
User B: Cause i could have met up with you
User A: i thot u didnt want 2 meet up wit me?
User B: Yeah i doo
User A: rly?  u didnt want 2 b4?
User B: Yeah i did, i was just busy when i first starteed school
User B: And I was worried you would get caught
User B: I thik bout you a lot abd how you woild be in person
User A: i likd u 2 i jus didnt think u liked me cuz u didnt rly seem like u wanted to hang out.
User A: but im glad u do.  just dnt talk about it be about it.  u know?
User A: i want to kick it wit u i jus dnt want to get all into u n be upset cuz u dnt want 2 hang out again
User B: Yeah true. I agree.
User B: Trust me i think when we meet i will fall in love haha
User B: You look super cute in your pictures
User B: And you seem really nice
User A: lol ok.  if i feel better 2marrow i will tell my mom n dad im still sick n we can meet up if u want.  but if im as sick as 2day i dnt think i can meet up.  i cant even get out of bed rite now.  ugh
User B: Ok thats fine. Id rather you get better.
User A: do u want to hang out 2marrow?
User B: Yeah can you around 4?
User B: Or is that too late?
User A: well my dad gets out of work at 5 so we wouldnt have alot of time
User B: What bout friday? Im totally free alll friday morning
User A: i dnt kno if i could play sick that long
User B: Right
User B: Hmmm what bout today? Lop
User B: Ill get out of class at 1
User A: i dnt think 2day.  i feel like crap.  i wouldnt want 2 meet u lookin like this neway.  im all stuffed up n my nose and eyes are read.  and im coughin and sneezin alot.  gross
User B: Ohhh you really are sick :( lol
User B: Well youll be home all day so when I get home from class we can talk and ill put on my webcam
User A: lol ya im rly sick.  ok we can do that.  im goin to go to sleep for a lil while n ill talk to u when i get up.  i think i can play sick til friday bc ill have the weekend to get better.  do u still want to pick me up fri?
User A: u there?
User B: Yeah but i dont think we could go to my place
User B: Cause people will be there
User B: :(
User A: k i guess we could go to my place.  but u would have to park ur car at the park so no 1 saw ur car in my driveway.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Still sleeping?
User B: sry i was sleepin.  i felt rly bad.
User A: its ok
User B: wat r u doin?
User A: just laying down
User A: you
User B: same i feel like crap man.  i hope i get over this soon.  it sucks
User A: yeah
User A: i know how that is
User B: u got to work 2nite?
User A: no
User B: thats cool
User A: ???
User A: wanna see my webcam
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u
User A: u there?
User B: Yeah
User A: wat u doin?
User B: Nm bout to leave to go home
User A: u at work?
User B: Nope
User A: u still want to chill 2marrow?
User B: Yeah
User B: Do you think it will work
User A: sry my dad reset the internet wit out tellin me
User A: ya i think it will.  we jus have to b careful n not be seen by ne 1 i kno
User B: Can u call me
User B: Yeah like your neighbors
User A: no my dad didnt put mins on my phone 2day.  he said i have 2 wait til 2marrow when he gets paid
User A: the only neighbors my parents kno work 2 so they wont be here
User B: Dmn
User B: That sucks
User A: i kno.  but i can talk to u on here
User B: Yeah
User B: Do u have facebook
User A: ya *edited*
User A: add me
User B: I cant find it
User A: wats urs?  i will add u
User B: Chris richko
User A: im not on there alot so write me on here if u need me.
User A: i jus added u
User B: Do u talk to other people om here
User A: not rly. jus my friends hannah n jo
User B: *edited*
User A: huh?
User B: Wtf?
User B: Im confused
User A: wat r u talkin bout?
User B: U sent me a request
User B: A person named *edited*
User A: thats not me
User B: Ok....
User A: r u talkin to other girls on here?
User B: So where r u
User A: i just added u.  u didn get it?
User B: No
User A: o lol i added this guy first *edited*
User B: Lol
User A: sry im dumb
User B: No prob
User A: did u get my add?
User B: Yeah
User B: you should download skype
User B: does your computer have a microphone
User A: im not allowed to d/l ne thing cuz i d/l somethin b4 n got a virus on my comp.  my dad had to wipe it.
User A: no it dont.  i have a comp thats like 98347589734 yrs old.
User B: Okk
User B: Grrr
User B: I just wanna talk. U dont have a phone at ur house
User A: jus my mom n dads cell phones.  i can try to call u from my moms if u r ok wit ur # showin up?
User B: Hmmm
User B: Idk lol
User B: This suckss
User A: my mom is done wit dinner.  let me go eat n ill try to ask my dad to put some mins on my phone again.
User B: Ok haha
User A: ok im here :) my dad is puttin mins on my phone now. wats ur number again?  ill call u in like 5
User A: u there?
User B: Wait dont call yet
User B: Ill tell u when
User A: ok
User B: So what u doin
User A: nothin jus got done eatin.  i cant call later cuz my sis will be up here n her room is rite next to me.  she can hear me talk on the phone.
User B: Ok so u wanna do it now
User A: can u?
User A: wats ur #?
User B: Yeah
User A: wats ur #?
User B: *edited*
User A: u sound rly cute ;)
User A: u there?
User B: Thanks so do you
User A: ty :)
User B: Do you like that im older
User A: idk age is jus a number.  its how the guy acts.
User B: I see
User A: do u like that im younger?
User B: Yeah
User A: cool :)
User A: i rly like u tho
User B: good :)
User A: im rly excited bout meeting u
User B: me too
User B: im scared of getting caght though
User B: haha
User A: y?
User B: because we dont know where were gonna go
User B: lol
User A: u dnt want to come to my house?
User B: like go in it/
User B: is your house clear when they leave?
User B: whats it like?
User A: ya no 1 will be home.  my room is in the back so u can go out the window if someone comes home. it goes rite to the street so u can walk to ur car
User B: i see
User B: brb
User A: k
User A: hey i g2g do my homework.  ill be back on in a bit.  byez
User B: back
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u there?
User B: yeah
User A: wats goin on?
User B: nm you
User A: nothin jus finished up my hw
User B: cool
User B: so
User A: so :)
User B: got any pics i havent seen before
User A: i can send u the 1s i have on here but most of my pics r on my moms comp cuz she takes them all.
User B: i think ive seen those
User A: ya those r the only pics ihave
User B: damn
User A: sry babe
User B: its ok
User A: so wats the plan for 2marrow?  i need to kno 2nite cuz if ur not gonna be there im gonna sleep in.
User B: well if i come where are we gonna go
User B: withouth anyone seeing us
User A: either to my house or we can drive around
User B: true
User A: up 2 u
User B: hmmmmm
User B: hmm
User B: lol
User A: cant make up ur mind?
User B: i think we should meet up
User B: idk about like going to one of our houses but we should def meet
User A: k.  where do u want 2 go?
User B: idk
User A: lol ok
User B: its hard to think
User B: of what to do
User B: haha
User A: lol well u got 2 think of somethin!
User B: do you live in a busy area
User A: not rly.
User B: hmmm
User B: i wish i could come now haha
User A: lol ya if u want beat up by my dad.
User A: and i would be 2 lol
User B: ha
User B: well
User B: is this the only possibe way we have of hanging out
User A: wat do u mean?
User B: do you ever sleep over at friends house or seomthing
User A: ya all the time at hannahs n jos.  but our parents kno each other
User B: oh i see
User A: i g2g.  r we hangin out 2marrow ?
User B: yeah i guess
User B: go on at 9am
User A: ya i guess...?  that sounds like u dnt want to?
User B: no i do
User A: promise?
User B: just sucks that we dont know where to go
User B: yeah
User B: you gotta delete this convo
User A: we'll drive around til we find somewhere.  i turned it off in yahoo so it dnt record ne of my convos.  wat r u drivin so i kno wat car to get in?  lol.  n come at 930 bc my dad leaves for work at 845 n i have to get ready after that
User B: ill be in a white honda probably
User B: but just go on in the morning
User B: no yahoo
User A: ok i will get on when i get up.  my mom is yellin at me to get off the comp.  talk to u in the am.  nite!
User B: ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User A: heyyyyy
User A: What's up do u know who this is
User A: nothinnnn n ya i do haha
User A: Who?
User A: chris from meetme
User A: Yup so send some pics
User A: i will but brb
User A: Do u know a frozen yogurt place in highland park named menchies
User A: U back
User A: yesss i lovee itttttt!!!
User A: I used to work there like 2 years ago
User A: id eat it all lmao
User A: Send pics
User A: so demandinggggg
User A: Please
User A: kk photoshare w me on here so i can send em
User A: I just send u a photo accept
User A: cuteeee :)
User A: Do u want naughty pics
User A: hehe up 2 u :P
User A: If u send me some
User A: i dont have a cam..i have my uncles old crappy phone..n even if i wanted 2 i dont have pic messaging..my moms a biatch
User A: So how u just send me that one
User A: i have pics on my comp
User A: wht u think i jus took it?lmao
User A: Ok
User A: Yup
User A: did u get my pic
User A: Yup its cute
User A: Did u get my 2 pics
User A: omg its huge!
User A: Can u handle that
User A: idk lmao
User A: Are u really a virgin what's your bra size
User A: And do u want to see if u can handle it
User A: ya i am..n 32A but there still growin!i can almost fit into B
User A: Do u want to play with my dick
User A: do u want me 2 :P
User A: Have u done that before
User A: done wht??
User A: Played with a dick
User A: i gave a hj before
User A: And how old was he and what he do to u
User A: he was 15 n he jus messed around w me a lil bit
User A: Like he fingered u
User A: ya lol
User A: Did u like it dI'd he eat u out
User A: And lol u want to chill?
User A: ya it was okay..i dont think he knew what he was doin tho haha
User A: n youd really wuna hang out w me?:)
User A: Do u want to hangout with me?
User A: if u woud wuna hang out w me!:)
User A: if u woud wuna hang out w me!:)
User A: And what have sex?
User A: idkkkk..id probly b bad at it..
User A: Do u want to to fuck u ? I can bend u over and do all the work
User A: id probly still b bad lmao
User A: Do u want me to yes or no
User A: would u make fun of me
User A: No
User A: will it hurt?my bff said her 1st time it hurt
User A: Maybe just for a minute and then it will be pure pleasure
User A: :)
User A: So when?
User A: idk id have 2 to check my moms work schedule
User A: Oh u want me to come to your house
User A: idk...we have a nosey neighbor n i dont wuna get in trouble lol
User A: So then where? U want to come to my house?
User A: U know where the metra station is right?
User A: i dont drive so youd have 2 pick me up..i could walk or ride by bike somewhere n u could probly pick me up?n ur not guna like kill me r u lmao
User A: No take the metra to downtown chicafo
User A: Go
User A: i never been on tht n im 2 scared
User A: :(
User A: U want me to pick u up today
User A: i cant 2day cus my gma is here :(
User A: Tomorrow?
User A: i gotta see when my mom works
User A: Are u single
User A: yep yep
User A: Do u really want me?
User A: i mean im curious like wht it feels like!im not guna get prego am i?
User A: No
User A: But y are u choosing me
User A: cus u cant spread rumors around my school n ur cute :)
User A: plus guys at my school r jerks
User A: Oh ok
User A: But u got to suck my dick
User A: wht if im badddddddd
User A: I will guide your head
User A: do a lotta girl like doin tht
User A: Sometimes but guys always like it
User A: Do u a butt
User A: Do u have a butt
User A: its lil :(
User A: U going to want to be my girl after I do u lol
User A: would u want me 2..i jus dont want any1 findin out bout u
User A: Then keep your mouth shut
User A: thts wht i planned on
User A: wht u doin?
User A: At work
User A: U a bad girl
User A: ohhh where u work?haha no im nottttt ima good girl :)
User A: Downtown
User A: ohhhhh
User A: Yup so u want me ? Yes or no
User A: i said yaaa as long as u want 2!
User A: I got to meet u first
User A: huh?
User A: I got to see u in person
User A: Before I say yes
User A: before u say yes 2 wht
User A: Being with u
User A: y u think ima be ugly or somethin?
User A: No
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm off
User A: ohhh i thought u said u were workin
User A: Nope
User A: ohhhh
User A: wht ya up 2 now
User A: Chilling
User A: ohhh
User A: ima get off here..u can txt me if u want
User A: Whats your number
User A: *phone number edited*
User A: *phone number edited*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyy :) sry i went to my friends yesterday morning n stayed there for the weekend n forgot my phone at home :(..wht u up to?
User B: Lol what if your parents went thru your phone and saw our convi
User B: Convo
User A: i only live w my mom n we never texted yet :P plus i have a pw on my phone
User B: Ok
User B: U could have saw me while u were at your friends
User A: how lol
User B: I could have come met u
User A: wht would i of told my friend i havent told her bout u n dont plan on it!
User B: That u going some where for a bit
User A: ya right haha
User B: So when can we meet
User A: idkkk..mom has the next few days off of work..wht r we guna do???
User B: Chill
User A: ohhhhh
User B: Yup
User A: yeppp
User B: Wyd
User A: checkin my fb u?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: What's up
User B: at schooool  u?
User A: Work u want to see me today
User A: Send pics
User B: wht we guna do???n wht u mean send picss
User A: Send me pics of u lol
User B: i told u u dont have a camm n plus i dont have pic messaging
User A: U your friends phone
User B: nobody knows bout u n i aint tellin any1
User A: Don't tell them y u want to use it just ask to use it and then delete what u send to me
User B: lmao u must not know tht ppl never give up there phone..especially for no reason
User A: Lol its different in Chicago but do u want to see me today
User B: y u want a pic so bad???
User A: To see what u look like lol and a full body pic and u seen what I look like
User A: Only fair
User B: i sent u pics goofball :P i can send more tht i have on my comp when i get home 2nite
User A: Lol I mean more pics of u like recent pics and naughty pics
User A: Do u want to see me today
User B: even if i could im not takin naughty pics at school!u tryin to get me in trouble!?!?:P
User A: Lol bathroom stall lol
User B: wht u wuna do??n bathroom stall!?ur crazy boy haha
User A: Lol I mean it works anAnd idk just chill talk get to know u
User A: What grade u in?
User B: sounds like fun lol....n im in 8th..coulda been in 9th tho but i had an extra yr of preschool
User A: Ummm .
User B: ?
User A: U sure u want to do this
User B: do wht?
User A: Be with me and stuff
User B: like meet u?ya..like im a lil nervous lol but u seem cool
User A: I mean dating me having sex and stuff like real bf and gf
User B: ohhh..yaaa im jus nervous...
User A: How do I know u not trying to get me in trouble and your serious
User B: y would i get u in trouble?if u got in trouble i would to..thts y im not tellin anyone bout u..not even my best friend cara
User A: Because u could be pretending to be young girl to get older guys in trouble like a set up
User A: That's another reason I want naughty pics it would prove your serious
User B: uhmmm paranoid much?lmao i can call u sometime
User A: That doesnt prove your serious only pics do or snap chat video chat
User B: well i dont have a cam so idk wht u want me to do..
User A: Get cara phone
User B: i told u nobody is guna give me there phone..n then there guna keep askin me y i wanted it
User A: Lol so where can I meet u today
User B: idkkk...im nervoussss...lol
User A: Y?
User B: cus im meetin someone i met online lol..idk im a baby i guess
User A: So I mean u got to be big now
User B: i knowww lol..wht we doin?n i gotta make sure my gma is jus droppin me off at home n not stayin
User A: Umm I can bring u to my place and bring u back
User B: how far do u live from highland park?n wht we guna doooo :P
User A: What a movie talk chill maybe cuddle and Chicago
User B: ohhhhhhh
User A: So do u want to?
User B: yaaa as long as my gma doesnt stay at my house when she picks me up from school
User B: ?
User A: Its either u want to see me or u don't
User A: Your grandma shouldnt be a factor
User B: i do want to...n how is she not a factor if she stays at my house?
User A: Cuz u should be able to go out
User A: Hello
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sry its hard to text in my last classes..n now me n my gma r goin grocery shopping...
User B: Can I see u or what
User A: i dont think we can today...
User B: Y
User A: cus my gma is makin me go grocery shopping w her
User B: Ok later today
User A: idkkkkk
User B: Guess u don't want me
User A: im jus nervousss
User B: Then meet me and get it over it what are u really nervous this working out Is in your hands
User A: i never met anyone from online n how is it in my hands
User B: Because if u want me u have to step your game up other girls want me but I want to see u but u being nervous so its up to u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiii
User A: Hey
User A: wht ya doinnnnnnn
User A: Talking to u
User A: Do u got any camz
User A: noooooooo forrrrrr theeeeee millionthhhhhhh timeeeeeeeee
User A: How can I see u
User A: i can send u more pics tht i got on my comp i guess lol
User A: Ok
User A: I seen that one already
User A: which ones have u seen
User A: Bedroom
User A: wht else
User A: None
User A: Oh yeah I seen that too
User A: Cute
User A: ty
User A: I wish u had naughty ones
User A: sryyy
User A: We should kiss
User A: :-* haha
User A: U like me?
User A: yaaaa :Ddo u like me
User A: Maybe
User A: What do u like
User A: music...hangin out w cara...cookin..shopppinnnn
User A: u?
User A: I mean about me
User A: ohhh lmao
User A: Video games and anime
User A: ur cute...nice...n i like tht ur not a jerk to me
User A: Oh
User A: ?
User A: Do u have more pics
User A: ya
User A: jus look on my fb im tired of sendin lol
User A: What's your fb
User A: *link edited* u can add me if u want but dont post anything on it
User A: Ok
User A: I feel like u done this before
User A: huh
User A: Talk to an older guy u seem like u know what your doing
User A: wht u mean it seems like i kno wht im doin?
User A: U already know to keep me a secret and not post nothing on fb
User A: i told u im nervous bout meetin somone online
User A: someone*
User A: brb ima shower real quick
User A: Oh
User A: I want to join
User A: :P
User A: kk back
User A: How are u
User A: clean lol
User A: u didnt add me
User A: I know
User A: oh...ok
User A: Lol
User A: Wyd
User A: nothin..probly goin to bed soon
User A: I made tacos
User A: yummmmmmm!
User A: r u a good cook
User A: Yup
User A: Yup and u
User A: yep :) i love cookin
User A: Like
User A: annything!home made pizza..chicken poppercaush..buffalo chicken pasta..brocoli soup
User A: i can make a lot :)
User A: Cool
User A: mhmmm
User A: Whata
User A: u said cool so i said mhmmm
User A: Blah
User A: blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :P
User A: Mwah
User A: :-*
User A: lol
User A: Mwah mwah mwah
User A: :-*:-*:-* haha
User A: So umm @};-
User A: sooooooooo
User A: Huh
User A: idk u said so lol
User A: I sent a rose
User A: ohhhhhhh wow im so dumb
User A: ty :Deven tho im an idiot lmao
User A: Lol your not dumb
User A: ur jus sayin tht to be nice lol
User A: Wyd
User A: readin drama on fb lol u?
User A: Haha
User A: u?
User A: American dad
User A: ohhhh
User A: ima go to bed im tireddd
User A: No stay up
User A: im tiredddddddd
User A: Blah
User A: sryyyy
User A: Me too
User A: ill get on n tty 2morrow!
User A: or u can text me again
User A: Ok
User A: Good night
User A: nightttt
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Call of duty
User A: Hi
User A: whts up
User A: Umm
User A: ?
User A: Wyd
User A: jus got done makin dinner n now eatin it :)
User A: Wyd
User A: ijus told u lol
User A: Huh
User A: What u sent me
User A: i tried to copy/paste sayin i was makin dinner n it copied the smiley i put at the end
User A: jus got done makin dinner n now eatin it :) u??
User A: What u make
User A: buffalo ranch chicken pasta :)
User A: Oh
User A: it was yummy
User A: Gay bacon strips
User A: huhhhh?hahaha
User A: Lol
User A: wht u talkin bout!?tht was so random lmao
User A: ?
User A: Food unicorns
User A: uhmm...
User A: i guess ill ttyl then
User A: Y
User A: ur not talkin or makin sense!
User A: God
User A: ?
User A: What's up
User A: nothin
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Wyd
User A: nothin u
User A: Call of duty
User A: ohh
User A: Come over
User A: i cantttt
User A: plus i dont wuna watch u play call of duty lol
User A: I would play u
User A: ya right lol guys love call of duty
User A: So
User A: so
User A: DoDon't be hurt
User A: ?
User A: ima get off here ill tty 2morrow byeee
User A: Ugh y
User A: Hi
User B: heyy
User A: I been drinking watermelon
User B: oh?
User A: Lol drunk in love
User B: r u drunk???
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User B: hi
User A: Can u see me today
User A: Well
User B: i cant tday moms off
User A: Ugh this ain't working
User B: it will eventually!!!y u wuna hang out so bad? :P
User B: ?
User A: Umm because what's the point of talking if we ain't going to chill
User B: we will i promise!wht r we guna actually do tho besides chill lol
User A: What do u want to do?
User B: w/e u wuna do!
User A: No tell me what u want to do
User B: i jus told u lol
User A: Ugh no what do u like to do
User B: im down for anythingggg
User A: No tell me
User B: i jus did?im down to do w/e u wuna do
User A: Ugh dont u have things u like
User B: im not picky lol wht do u like to do
User A: Ok what do u do for fun
User B: shoppin..hang out w friends..play bball
User A: Ok umm cool
User B: ????
User A: Wyf
User A: Wyd
User B: bout to take a nap lol
User A: Lazy
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User A: Hey
User A: heyyy
User A: I can see u today
User A: huh
User A: I can come get u
User A: im goin shoppin w my friend :(
User A: OK well so let me come see u or forget about me
User A: We need to chill
User A: maybe i can after shoppin w my friend...wht we guna do
User A: Watch a movie make our have sex
User A: Out
User A: :-bd
User A: wht could my excuse be to my mom?cus shes off 2day
User A: n i dont wuna get pregooo :(
User A: That it's a nice day out and u going to be out all day with friends
User A: Cutie
User A: r u guna wear a condom?i dont wuna get prego..i would seriously die
User A: Yeah I will
User A: kk well ill try n think of somethin!
User A: It shouldn't be hard
User A: ill try!i jus gotta think of somethin good
User A: Like why can't u just saying to chilling outside
User A: cus then shed call me n ask where i am
User A: if we cant this weekend when could we next?i think we should wait til she works 2 be safe...she works 2nd shift n i wouldnt have 2 woryr bout her callin me
User A: And U Can Say THE Mall OR THEORY Movies So She Can't Call U At THE movies
User A: naw I don't want to wait
User A: i dont wuna risk anything n get in trouble..if she works she for sure wont call me
User A: It shouldn't matter if u want to see me see me today if not bye
User A: wow seriously?
User A: Yup
User A: well i can tell tht u dont care if i get in trouble or not...so bye then
User A: No I can tell u playing and I can get in trouble for talking to u but u don't care about that now do u
User A: how do i not care if im the 1 tryin 2 be careful
User A: Cuz I feel like u ain't serious u don't even want to meet and u want to be my girl friend
User A: ya i do wuna meet u..i jus wuna be careful
User A: Well ugh I don't  like waiting
User A: What can she tell by calling u ? Not much
User A: If u can go with your friends than u can see me
User A: i dont either but we have 2..n i kno but anything can happen n i just rather have it so she wont call me 100% n i dont have 2 worry bout bein caught in a lie or anything
User A: Ugh nothing will happen trust mr
User A: Me
User A: Just meet me at the metra
User A: ya huh..shes always callin me when im at my friends n askin questions..if shes at work i dont have 2 worry bout answerin anything
User A: wht is ur schedule during the week
User A: She never at work she wasn't been at work since we started talking
User A: ya she has?
User A: whts ur schedule during the week
User A: Not second shift
User A: Y do u care
User A: :)
User A: cus ima see when mom works...unless u dont want me 2
User A: U keep saying u was going to check her schedule and u never did
User A: u didnt ask me again
User A: OK cut u was supposed to tell me
User A: But I don't have time for your games I'm done talking to  u
User A: k well sry..i promise ill look at it she gets it monday if i dont tell u it then u can quit talkin 2 me
User A: wow w/e i wont look at it then bye
User A: Bye
User A: Your a, joke
User A: U mad?
User A: U mad? Well u shouldn't play games
User A: Hello
User A: What's wrong
User A: I'm sorry ok
User A: u said ima joke :(
User A: Because u don't do what a woman does u do what a child does
User A: im sry im 14 n need 2 be careful w me mom...its not my fault :(
User A: u think im playin games n im not
User A: It is your fault your the one who wanted to talk to me
User A: And u know  I'm an adult so u need to step up
User A: i will im sry...the only thing is i wuna make sure my moms workin thts all i ask
User A: Wtf
User A: U Go To Your Friends ANd chill With them So What's the problem
User A: I know u hang out with boys
User A: ya n shes guna be callin me...if she calls me when im w u i dont wuna get caught in a lie
User A: no i dont
User A: at school thts bout it
User A: How would u get caught
User A: And you does she call u
User A: i dont wuna mess up my story when she calls and idk she jus does
User A: U don't got to mess it up just say your at the movies cause when u at my place we going to watch movies
User A: So that what she will hear
User A: i thought u said we doin other stuff 2
User A: Yeah but still even if we fuck the TV will be on  and my roommate is going to be home until 9 so that's y I want to do this today
User A: i told u i dont wuna risk it 2day since my moms off
User A: Trust me u won't get in trouble I was once 14 too and did this before I know what to do
User A: I can be in your town in a hour
User A: ur mom probly didnt call u 24/7 like mine
User A: My dad did
User A: And I don't want to bring u over and have my  roommate ask me y a little girl here
User A: so we can go somewhere else cant we
User A: No we cant
User A: whts ur roommate schedule during the week
User A: That not your business
User A: Look your too scared for me so find someone your age
User A: i told u we can during the week i promise
User A: im not scared...if i was scared i wouldnt be talkin 2 u
User A: No I'm Done waiting
User A: k
User A: Your just too young
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: What u doing
User A: What's Your name
User B: on the comp..n its cait lol y u ask tht
User A: Idk
User B: tell meee
User A: Blah
User B: blah back :P
User A: I'm bored
User B: me tooo..ima probly go to bed in a lil bit
User A: Haha
User B: wht!?!?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey what's up
User B: sittin in class ..u?
User A: At home are we chilling today
User B: actually my mom works til 10 tonight n my gma is gambling...so we could..im jus nervous lol
User A: OK well what time
User B: after i get home from school would be best so i can be back by the time mom gets home..where we guna go?
User A: My place
User B: ok..i jus gotta be back at my house by like 9:30
User A: Ok
User A: We not having sex or Nothing just chilling
User B: thought u wanted to?wht now u wuna be jus friends
User A: What do u want to di
User A: Do
User B: idk..i jus thought u wanted to
User A: What do u want Cait tell me
User B: well i thought we were guna do tht but u jus said u don't wuna...wht do u wuna do then
User A: Chill talk get to know each other in person
User A: I mean your 14 u should give your virginity to someone your age who loves u
User B: ooook if thts wht u wuna do!:P
User B: ok i will then lol..i was jus curious wht its like
User A: OK But Why Not Have Sex With Someone Your age
User B: guys at my school r jerks n it would go around the whole school n ppl would probly call me a slut..if its someone nobodys knows then nobody would find out
User A: OK But Y Not Someone Your Age Who Doesn't Go To Your school
User B: idk any guys from diff schools besides my cousins lol
User A: Oh
User A: Well what about meet me? It seems like u went on there looking for a older guy instead of someone your age
User B: no i didnt i jus got on there to talk to ppl..n then u messaged me n i thought u were cute..idc how old someone is as long as there not butt ugly or jerks lol
User A: OK but still how do I know your serious or not and cops do care about age. They think a 14 year old can't think for herself and the older person is forcing her to do something she shouldn't want to do
User A: And What Teenage Girl Doesn't Have A Camara Phone Thea Days Everyone Has An IPhone OR Some Smart phone
User A: How do I know when I get highland park the cops won't be there waiting
User B: i jus told u im serious!if u wuna do it then we can..but dont tell me no now n then make a move later lol i dont like surprises lol
User B: wht u mean?u think i told the cops?
User B: y r u askin me all these questions now?the day i actually say i can meet n now ur actin like u dont wuna..jus nvm then
User A: Because u can ruin my life
User B: my mom dont trust me to have a smart phone n thts y i have my uncles old one..how am i ruining ur life?!
User B: if u dont wuna meet then fine..u cant get mad at me when i say i cant tho
User A: Because if u get me locked up I will go to jail have to register as a sex offender I can't live by kids or have jobs
User A: My whole life will be ruined and for all I know u could be a cop pretending to be an underage girl
User A: Well?
User A: Who is ryan?
User B: wht!?i promise i aint a cop..n wht do u mean who is ryan?
User A: Someone on your meet me that says your kisses are amazing
User B: hahahaha wht!?!?
User A: He 19
User B: i never kissed anyone name ryan n i never met anyone in real life on my meetme
User A: Can u kiss?
User B: my ex told me ima good kisser lol
User A: Tongue
User B: well ya lol..how can u be a good kisser if its jus a peck
User A: Idk
User A: Call me
User B: im at school
User A: Do u live by the metra
User B: not to far..do u kno where fink park is?i live right by there
User A: No the only think I know is menchies and the metra
User B: the ravinia metra aint to far from me
User A: I thought it was Decoy Location?
User B: its in Decoy Location
User A: Oh OK so go to ravina stop instead of Decoy Location?
User A: What time u out of school
User B: ya either there or fink park..less ppl probly be at fink park n i get out at 2:40
User A: I'dk where fink park is just meet me at ravina Metra . And do u have money?
User B: ok..wht time should i be there?n i got like two dollars
User A: Lol u got a high school ID so u can get a ticket
User B: nooo..i got some change at home how much do i need
User A: Like 5 bucks
User B: ohh i got tht..r u guna come back w me after i leave ur house
User A: No
User B: im scaredd to ride by myself
User A: Lol jk I wouldn't want anything to happen to u
User B: wht time should i be there?n what time should i leave
User A: 3:20
User B: okkk..n wht time does it come back to ravinia?i need to be home by like 9:30
User A: 9:21
User B: its not a long ride is it?
User A: No I'm saying u will be back at ravina at 9:21
User B: ohhhh ok good lol
User A: OK I'm trusting u
User B: wht u think ima not show up?
User A: No . Cops
User B: omg lol im not tellin anyonee!
User B: do u got anything to eat lol im hungry n we dont have anything at home
User A: Yeah I do
User A: Are u shaved or hairy?
User B: uhhh i shave haha my legs get all prickly if i dont shave em
User A: I meant your pussy
User B: ohhh lol..ya i shave it..it gets all itchy to if i dont
User A: Lol so u only went as far as being fingered?
User A: What are u wearing?
User B: yaaa n gave a hj
User A: Do u like playing with a dick and did he cum?
User B: american eagle hoodie n jeans
User B: it wasnt bad n ya he did everytime i did it besides once cus his parents came home
User A: How many times did u do it? And how come u didn't have sex and was it big?
User B: i dont remember how many times lol..n we talked bout it but he cheated on me so we never did..n idk it wasnt huge but it wasnt tiny either
User A: Why didn't u put it in your mouth
User A: I'm on my way
User A: Wyd?
User B: he asked me to once but i didnt..i didnt really kno how to do it n i dont think he did either cus he didnt bring it up again
User A: lol
User B: getting ready to leave school
User A: OK make sure u at ravina Metra by 3:20
User B: i will!wht r u wearin n where should we meet
User A: The platform and red shirt and jeans
User B: ok ima be wearin my american eagle hoodie n jeans
User B: is ur roommate at ur house?
User A: Nope
User B: okkk r we still jus watchin movies n talkin?i dont like surprises lol
User A: Hmm both
User A: y u don't like them
User B: both??both wht?n i jus got home ima leave in a min
User A: Sex and movies
User B: okkk im on my way
User A: Ok
User A: Where are u
User B: jus got here r u at the platform
User A: Almost
User A: Why can't u answer your phone
User A: And ravina ? Or ravina park which one are u at
User A: Hello
User A: ?
User B: i didnt get no call
User B: ravinia
User B: where u attt
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yes
User A: I work
User B: Hehe.. ohh ok sorry
User A: Lol no it's good to have a job!
User A: Ru at school?
User A: U there
User B: Yea I'm at school
User A: So you got messenger on your mobile?
User A: Can you chat later tonight?
User B: Ya
User A: Time?
User B: Idk I get out of school at 3?
User A: I won't be home til 9:00
User B: Oh ok
User A: Does that work?
User B: Well my phone will b on.. but I'm usually going 2 bed around then lol
User A: Oh ok
User A: 8:00 your time is 9:00 mine
User B: O ok hehe.. then I'll b up
User A: Excited to talk again
User B: Me 2
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi ^_^
User B: Hey there how are you?
User A: Ok. Just got home a lil while ago
User A: Wut r u up 2?
User B: K I'm at a dinner with some clients. Wish you were here.
User A: Ooh ok sorry, I dnt wanna bother u! N I do 2
User B: No it's fine thinking about you.
User B: I'm always excited to get your texts.
User A: U are? I feel like I'm bugging u cause I kno ur so busy
User B: Yes always! I'm busy but always excited to see your texts.
User A: Aww ur so sweet :)
User B: Just being honest.
User A: Ur like the perfect guy
User B: So sweet of you to say. Just being me. I really like you.
User A: I like u 2. U make me feel like I'm actually worth something..
User B: Worth something? My gosh. You are so cool. I'm enjoying getting to know you.
User A: Aww well I feel the same way 2
User B: I want you to feel comfortable with me!
User B: Did you get a schedule for next week?
User A: Ooh yea let me go check
User A: K she's off tues, weds, thurs and works fri and sat off sun
User B: All nights?
User A: No works mon, fri and sat
User A: That is actually a good thing lol
User B: I'm confused :(
User B: When would you want me if I could get there?
User A: Well since it's spring break I could say I'm sleeping ovr at my friends any night? Fri or sat would b easier tho cause she'll b gone 2.. Idk up 2 u?
User B: So she works Fri/sat nights?
User A: Next week yah.. It changes every week
User B: Ok I'll work on that.
User B: Could we talk in the morning for a few mins?
User A: Kool ^_^
User A: Well my mom is home n taking me clothes shopping 2moro.. but I could call u when she goes 2 work?
User A: Is that ok?
User B: I have a dinner tomorrow night.
User B: Just wanting to hear your voice I guess.
User B: She works tomorrow night?
User A: Yea I wanna talk 2 u again 2.. Yea
User B: Is she working tonight?
User A: No she's home now
User B: Ok no worries
User B: I like you
User A: Good.. I like u more ^_*
User B: I am sensing that...
User A: Lol.. Yea, yea
User B: I think about you a lot.
User A: U do? Good stuff I hope lol
User B: All good hunny. And you?
User A: Yah, same. I wonder wut ur doing n stuff a lot
User B: Can I ask why you like me?
User A: I think ur sweet n caring.. Always checking on me.. N I think ur cute 2 hehe
User B: That is so sweet. So you are comfortable with me being older?
User A: Yah, I dnt even rly think about that 2 b honest.. I like u 4 u
User B: Awesome and same here.
User B: Will you be up for a bit?
User A: Prolly not.. I'm falling asleep already :p
User B: Ok will be back in the room in 15. Was going to get on the computer.
User A: Ooh.. no, I'm in bed already.. super tired
User B: Ok no worries. Get some rest and know you're on my mind.
User A: Ok I will... Tty 2moro ^.^
User B: Yes you will. Sweet dreams.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Do you have a few minutes to chat?
User B: Ya.. like on the phone?
User B: U dnt u tell me
User B: Whoops.. wrong text lol
User A: Well phone would be great but I was thinking yahoo?
User B: Oh ok
User A: Whatever works 4u
User A: Ru alone?
User B: Right now ya I'm in my room
User A: Ok but your mom is there? I won't call if she is there.
User B: My gramma is over but she's falling asleep on the couch lol
User B: I can call when she falls asleep?
User A: Ok. Can't wait :)
User B: Hehe ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok
User B: hey good morning
User B: how has your spring break been?
User A: Boring
User B: I'm so sorry
User B: so what have you done to keep yourself busy?
User A: Nothing.. went to my friends
User B: how was the shopping experience with your mom?
User A: It was ok
User B: get anything fun?
User A: Nope not really just school clothes
User B: boring
User B: I'll take you shopping someday...
User B: if you'd like
User A: I think ur just saying that
User B: I'm not Erica...I'm really not
User A: K
User B: I really like you...and I didn't sleep after our chat the other night
User A: Me neither.. It's like u just changed ur mind about me n I didn't kno wut 2 think
User A: Still don't
User B: I have not changed my mind about you
User A: That's wut u said tho
User B: what did I say?
User A: Said u didn't want 2 have sex w me now
User B: Erica...I want more than sex...I want a friendship and relationship
User A: Well I thought we have that ?
User B: I'm not like most men.
User B: I want more than just sex...
User B: I want to get to know you...
User B: and the sex part will come...believe me
User A: Do u still like me in that way tho?
User B: in what way?
User A: Like u still think I'm cute n stuff? I felt like u only wanted 2 be friends w me
User B: you mean do I still like you and want you sexually?
User A: Yeah..
User B: can I be totally honest with you?
User B: can I?
User A: Ok
User B: I want you sooooo bad....you have no idea
User B: I have thought about you since the first time we chatted...
User B: when you told me you were interested in being pleasured orally
User B: I am so into you
User B: I have masterbated so often since we've met...it's like crazy
User A: Wow :\">
User B: yeah it's a wow...
User A: I jus felt like the last couple of days u were over me.
User B: Erica I have had some of the most powerful orgasms thinking about us
User B: I mean like some of the most powerful I've ever had in my life...
User A: I wish I could have just one
User B: have you tried?
User A: Yeah.. But it wouldn't happen
User B: I'd love to help you
User A: What if it doesn't happen??
User B: I'm convinced it will...
User B: have you thought about me when you masterbate?
User A: Yea I have.. ^_^
User B: thank you for that
User B: can I ask what you
User B: can I ask what you think about when you think about me?
User B: when you are masterbating?
User A: Hehe umm..
User A: I'm kinda shy about saying lol
User B: please say and then I'll tell you what I have thought about...
User A: Just about us being 2gether.. N I try to have n orgasm but it doesn't happen
User A: Wut does that mean if I can't?
User B: Erica...you seem to be concerned about that? About not being able to orgasm?
User B: please don't worry about it...
User B: you are so sweet
User B: I like you
User A: I feel like somethings wrong w me.. Lol
User B: do your friends tell you they are able to orgasm?
User A: I only talk about it w 1 friend.. N she said she has them?
User B: ok...
User B: understand
User B: can I ask...do you get pretty wet when you are aroused?
User A: Hmm yea a little bit
User B: ok...
User B: can I ask a personal question?
User A: Ok
User B: do you use just your fingers when masterbating or do you use a toy?
User A: A toy??
User B: a vibrator or sex toy?
User A: Uh.. Lol I dnt have ne of those
User B: can I reveal a secret?
User A: Hehe sure
User B: I bought one this week for us...:\">
User A: U did??
User A: Wut is it..
User B: I did
User B: I was driving to Chattanooga and I saw a sex toy store near where I got gas
User B: so I went over and bought one
User B: it's pink....:\">
User A: Lol 4 real?
User A: I never used ne thing like that b4.. Wut is it 4
User B: it's for masterbating...
User A: Oh
User B: it's a dildo...shaped like a penis...about 6 inches long..and it vibrates
User B: one of my fantasies about you and me is having a toy for us to play with...so I bought one
User B: I have never bought anything like that...and was even kinda embarrassed doing it
User B: but I bought it for us
User A: Hehe.. Kinda sounds like fun tho..
User B: it would be fun for us to play around with I think
User B: and it vibrates pretty strong...
User B: we could take turns...
User A: Wait.. U want 2 use it?
User A: It's 4 guys too?
User B: LOL...
User B: well..
User B: can I tell you a secret?
User B: about me?
User A: Ya
User B: I like my anal area stimulated...it feels good...and I think you using the vibrator on me there would be so hot...especially if you were doing something else with my penis at the same time.....
User B: doesn't that sound hot?
User A: Really? Yah I guess.. I nvr tried that w a guy b4
User B: I understand...I'm just being honest
User B: do you like your anal area touched?
User A: I dunno never tried that either..
User A: Am I lame?
User B: No you are not lame...
User B: can I ask a sensitve question?
User A: Ok
User B: I know you've said you really like me..
User B: but are you just interested in me for sex?
User A: I'm interested in both
User A: Brb my mom is here
User B: ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry, she just woke up n I don't want her asking who I'm talking 2
User B: Ok
User A: R u there?
User B: She leaving anytime soon?
User A: She works tonight
User B: Ok
User A: R u working 2day?
User B: Off til 2
User A: Oh :/
User A: So I guess ur not able 2 come c me this weekend?
User B: I have some meetings here in Atlanta this weekend :(
User B: I'm sorry I'm so busy..
User B: So did our chat help?
User A: :((((
User A: Yea it did.. I'm glad we're talking again
User B: Any chance we can talk? On phone?
User A: My moms home 2day
User B: Surely she will run to the store?
User B: And I'm glad you feel better...
User B: Would like to hear your voice :)
User A: Idk.. Maybe?
User B: I like your voice.
User A: Did u miss talking 2 me ^_^
User B: What do you think? Yes!
User A: Lol yea me 2
User B: Wish you had a webcam and mic. Anyway I can buy one for you?
User A: Me 2.. I had one but it got taken away. Yeah u could buy me 1 n I could hide it I guess?
User B: Dang so you had one?
User A: Ya like a year ago lol
User B: Yikes! Did you get caught?
User A: I didn't rly get caught but she said I wasn't old enuf 2 have 1
User B: Oh ok. Dang.
User B: I like you!
User B: Am I different than other guys you've met?
User A: I kno.. Sux
User A: Hopefully we get 2 c each other soon tho
User B: How am I different?
User A: Huh?
User B: Just asking how I'm different from other guys you've met?
User A: I jus love talking 2 u.. Ur so smart n caring.. N u turn me on lol
User A: N I trust u.. Ur not a jerk
User A: Y do u like me??
User B: So sweet of you to say.
User B: And I like you because you are mature, sincere, genuine, attractive, and most importantly, I trust you...
User A: Aww.. See that's y I like u so much
User B: So aren't upset with me?
User A: No ^_^ I'm glad we're talking again
User B: Good I was so afraid all you wanted from me was sex...
User A: Noo lol
User B: Thank you!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: can I ask a personal question?
User A: another one I mean...lol
User B: Ok
User A: does not having had an orgasm really bother you?
User B: Hmm it doesn't really make me sad just kinda disapointed
User A: but you get aroused and everything right?
User B: Like horny?
User A: yes...feeling like you want it
User B: Oh yea
User A: cool...
User A: and you didn't orgasm the time you had intercourse?
User B: No way
User A: no way?
User B: Uggghhh I gotta go my gramma is yelling at me 2 wash the dishes
User A: ok hunny
User A: thank you for our time
User A: I so enjoy talking with you
User B: Text me 2moro?
User A: maybe we can catch a few minutes on the phone tomorrow?
User A: and yes I will text you sweetheart
User B: Yah maybe
User B: Ok nite ^_^
User A: go wash the dishes and make your gramma happy
User B: Grr
User A: kisses
User B: ^.^
User A: and don't forget
User B: Wut
User A: to NOT shave!
User B: Lol ok I won't
User A: goodnight :-*
User B: Byee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User B: How was your day?
User B: Are you home?
User A: No
User B: Oh ok when will you be?
User A: Later Y?
User B: I want you to see me on cam. Will you have privacy?
User A: Yah
User B: Ok let me know when you are home.
User A: Ok I will
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Idk I kinda want to save my minutes
User A: It's 2 confusing when u say ur gonna c me n then I felt let down all the time
User B: Ok
User B: I'm sorry you feel that way
User B: I'm sorry I live 4 1/2 hours away and have a successful business that keeps me busy
User B: But I like you ALOT
User B: Maybe we can talk thru messenger voice on our phones later
User A: Well maybe hmu when u do have time 2 c me? Idk
User B: Hmu?
User A: Hit me up
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyyy
User B: Hi from Dalllas!
User A: Is it nice there?
User B: Beautiful. 80 and sunny. Would text u a photo if I could
User A: Ooh wait I'll sign in2 yahoo on my phone
User A: Do u have that on ur phone?
User B: Yes
User B: We can talk there too and not use your minutes.
User A: Kool
User B: I think we can do video call thru yahoo
User A: Ooh I 4got 2 tell u my mom is gonna be gone the 23 24 n 25
User B: Ok that week looks better.
User A: Yayyy
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ^_^
User B: Hi I'm on yahoo if you can talk?
User A: I'm about 2 go 2 bed I just wanted to say goodnight
User B: Oh ok sorry I missed you.
User B: Goodnight.
User A: You haven't been texting me lol
User B: Huh? Also on messenger.
User B: Wanting to try talking on yahoo....
User A: I can't my moms home
User B: Oh ok gotcha.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I just don't wanna go there
User B: Yuck...Chicago
User B: Maybe your dad should move to Atlanta
User B: Can we try a messenger phone call later?
User A: Ya we can try. I tried it b4 w someone else n it didn't work but mayb it was there phone
User B: Well let's at least try? Assume 3:30 your time?
User A: No my gramma is picking me up from school
User A: But I just don't know what 2 say on the phone lol I like texting better
User B: Oh ok. I just love your voice. I hope you don't find me difficult to talk to
User A: Lol I like urs 2 but I just feel like a dork n don't kno wut 2 say sometimes
User B: I don't feel that at all. I think you are easy to talk to and I love your voice. You seem very mature for your age...and I like that!
User A: Lol well thanks
User B: Holler at me later....
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Any chance of talking on messenger this afternoon?
User B: Ya
User A: I'm in the Atlanta airport with a flight to St. Louis at 5:00. When should we try?
User B: Oh r u still talking about talking on the phone or chatting
User A: Would like to try a messenger call. But can text too. Want you to be comfortable.
User B: It's just hard cuz someone is always around n I'm always scared someone is going 2 hear wut I'm saying..
User B: N u keep asking me every day n I want 2! But I dnt want 2 get in trouble either
User A: Ok was thinking you may have some privacy when you get home...
User B: I do at home in my room.. But not if I'm talking my moms room is next 2 mine
User A: Ok so whenever you're alone just let me know. I like you.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi boarding a plane for St. Louis Wanna go with me?
User B: Lol I wish
User A: Me too!
User A: One of these days!
User B: I hope so..
User A: In the last 2,weeks I've been in 5 cities
User B: Wow that's crazy
User B: I hope you'll be in Hartford next week ^_^ hehe
User A: Yep it is. Business is good...
User A: Gonna try
User A: You still want to see me?
User B: Yeah.. But I feel like it's never gonna happen lol
User A: I will surprise you then
User B: That would b awesome if u did lol
User A: What street do you live on?
User B: Lol fields st
User A: Ok mapping it
User A: Got it
User A: Just off main?
User B: Ya
User A: Gotta go they closed the door on the plane
User B: Ok byeee
User A: Where is the Hardee's?
User B: Across the street
User A: K what street?
User B: There's only 1 Hardee's lol
User A: Ok just looking for it bye!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Whatcha doin
User B: Hi hunny! At dinner with a client. You feeling better?
User A: Oh I was gonna call u
User A: Yeah a lot better than yesterday
User B: Good. R u home alone tonight?
User A: For a little while ya.. When can I call?
User B: Umm...how late can you talk?
User A: Like 9 I guess
User B: Ok cool.
User B: So glad you're feeling better.
User A: Me 2.. That was the worst
User B: What does May 1/2 look like 4u?
User A: ?
User B: Looks like I'll be in Dothan those days....
User A: Really!
User A: Yah I'm not doing anything lol I have no life
User B: Yes it looks that way right now. Know your mom's schedule for then?
User A: Yayyyyy
User A: No not yet
User A: Wut day is it Weekend?
User B: Thur/Fri
User A: Well she won't b gone on the conference then but I'm sure she let me have a sleepover?
User B: When will you know her schedule?
User A: She brings it home Fridays
User B: Ok so you'll know the Friday before ?
User A: Like this Friday.. Right?
User B: Yeppers.
User A: Yup ^_^
User B: Ok cool. Wish you could get away that weekend and head to the beach w /me
User A: Omg that sounds soooo perfect
User B: Yeah I think so too...
User A: If I ask her now she might say yes.. Should I ask her 2moro?
User B: What would you tell her you're doing? Who you're going with???
User A: I'll just tell her I'm sleeping over at my friend Terra's house?
User B: But what if she calls Terra...or Terra's mom?
User B: Are you alone for another hour? Hour and half?
User B: U there?
User A: Yea
User A: Sorry I was in the shower... My mom doesn't call her house she just calls my cell phone
User B: Oh ic
User B: I just want to talk. This silly dinner is winding down...will you be free in 30 mins?
User A: Yup sounds good I gotta finish my homework
User B: Ok I'll text you when I'm done. I so like you.
User A: Lol I like u back
User B: Good. Tty soon.
User B: I'm done! On my way home. Let me know when you can talk.
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyyyy
User A: My mom is home n I saw her schedule she's workin those days ^_^
User B: Hi there! What days exactly? Day or night shift??
User A: Works nights thurs fri n sat.. Off sun
User B: Ok cool. Will be Thur or Fri...will let you know.
User A: Ok yayyy ^_^
User B: Fri better 4u?
User A: Um yah any day I can just say I wanna sleep over I guess
User B: Ok it may be Fri
User A: Kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I keep thinking about u lol
User B: Good thoughts?
User A: Yah I'm excited n nervous.. But in a good way ^_^
User B: Cool...I think?!
User B: Why are you nervous?
User A: Idk cause I've been waiting 4 it so long lol..
User A: But it's a good kind of nervous
User B: I want to just meet you and get to know you. Are you ok with just that?
User A: What?
User B: Are you ok with just meeting without sex and getting to know each other first?
User B: What if you don't like me when you meet me?
User A: Why are u saying this now?? I thought u really liked me
User A: I even stopped shaving
User A: I already like u.. Now I feel like ur just messing w my head again
User B: Not wanting to mess your head! Just want you to not be nervous and make you more comfortable by agreeing not to go all the way. Understand?
User A: No. Whatever
User B: You want to go all the way?
User A: I'm ready.. U don't want 2 now?
User A: I just thought we wanted the same things.. I don't know wut 2 think now.
User B: Please?
User A: What??
User B: Can we simply agree not to go all the way the first time we meet? Then go from there?
User B: Can we simply agree that we won't go all the way this first time? Other stuff is fine.
User A: Other stuff like wut
User A: This is stupid. I knew u were all talk.
User A: Ur just like guys I kno trying 2 mess w my head.
User B: Please say yes :)
User B: Please. I'm driving 4 1/2 hours to see you...that is not all talk.
User A: I don't really feel like talking 2 u now. HMU when ur done playing games
User A: Bye
User B: Anything and everything else we decide on...
User B: What?
User A: No everything u told me is like a lie.. U say u want something n then u say something else.. Like guys my age
User A: I can't deal w it
User B: Please?
User B: Wow....
User B: Can we simply agree not to go all the way on Friday?
User A: Y? Wut do u wanna do then
User B: Ok. I'll be in Dothan on Friday if you change your mind. I'm really not being unreasonable. Just one simple request. And I do really like you.
User A: Kool text me when ur done being a liar then
User A: N maybe I'll wanna c u
User B: That is what I thought you wanted.
User B: Do you remember? How guys your age don't like doing a certain thing for you?
User B: Do you remember what started our entire conversation 2 months ago?
User A: No, wut
User A: Oh that no 1 ever ate me out b4?
User A: U think I'm 2 gross 4 that too now or what
User B: Erica please?
User A: Do u??
User B: We could have something really special if you will just calm down and not be mad.
User B: Yes
User A: Yes? U think I'm 2 gross to go down on. Ok.
User B: Can I do that for you?
User B: Read what I'm saying. THAT is what I want to do for you when we meet the first time...
User A: Oh
User B: Exactly.
User A: But y? I had sex b4 u kno..
User B: When you calm down can we talk?
User B: OMG yes! I so want to do that with you. Are you good with that?
User B: And I can also bring Pink Floyd if you want me to?
User B: If you want that?
User A: Well yah.. I've been thinking about it this whole time lol
User B: Erica. Are you not reading what I'm saying?
User B: Yes you told me. But you also told me no one would go down. I want to be your first :)
User A: R u sure or just pretending
User B: Me too...I have been so looking forward to doing that with you. It is what got us talking. Are you ok with that?
User B: Totally sure. Very excited about it. Just don't want to have intercourse on Friday. Is that ok?
User A: I guess
User A: Can I ask y tho?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Cool! Can't wait to see you. Thanks for understanding!
User A: And I'm so excited...
User B: Me tooooo
User A: Should I bring my pink friend???
User B: Hehe yes plzz
User A: Ok. I hope you like him :)
User B: I think I will, as long as he is nice ^_^
User A: He is very nice. A little jittery now and then but that is not a bad thing!
User B: Haha do u play w him?
User A: Have a couple of times. But, kinda boring without a playmate :)
User B: Lol well that will change soon
User A: For sure....
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User B: Hi there! How was your day?
User A: Looooong
User A: U?
User B: Sorry to hear that! I'm heading to a business dinner.
User B: Glad we agreed on a plan for my visit
User A: Lol well I'm still not happy about it!
User B: What?
User A: I agreed.. But it doesn't mean I'm not disappointed
User B: Oh ok. I'm sorry.
User A: I was just excited for all of it, that's all.. But I guess we can still have sex next time?
User B: One step at a time...ok?
User A: K
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Is there anything I should bring? I just got home n getting my stuff ready
User B: Swim suit :)
User A: Already got that
User B: K...bring your appetite! I'm starving!
User A: Lol me toooo
User A: R u in Dothan already
User B: Yep
User B: U like Applebee's?
User A: OMG yah!
User B: That ok for dinner?
User A: Sounds yummy.. Where are we staying
User B: Working on that :)
User A: U wanna pick me up first? I could prob just tell her I'm going to Terra's now
User B: Won't she want to drive you there?
User A: Uh no she's like 2 streets away.. I always walk
User B: Oh ok are you ready now?
User A: Yep. Got all my stuff packed
User A: I'm so hungry I didn't eat when I got home
User B: Ok made it. I'm here finally!
User B: Whatever works for you.
User A: I told her I'm just gonna go now n she said ok. She's busy getting ready for work
User B: Ok see ya soon.
User A: K kool I'll leave now
User A: Wut does ur car look like so I kno it's u
User B: Gray sedan...I'll text u when ICU.
User A: K I'm wearing white shorts n a pink shirt
User A: Lmk when ur here
User B: Ru there?
User A: No not yet
User A: Should I just wait inside til u get here?
User B: Ru there?
User A: I'm almost there.. R u?
User B: Just getting there....
User A: K I'm here..
User B: Where at?
User A: I'm by the back.. Should I wait inside?
User B: I must be at the wrong place.
User A: Huh? There's only one Hardee's lol
User A: Where r u?
User B: Weird
User A: Do u want me 2 wait? Where r u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: hiii
User A: Heyy found ya lol what upps
User A: Think I send message to someone wrong earlier lol
User B: haha there probly guna be lik wtf :P
User A: Lol yeah prob
User A: So what are you up tooo
User B: jus relaxin..u?
User A: I'm out at one of my cousins friends house having a few drinks :p it's the weekend gotta enjoy haha
User A: Soo what are you doing today any other plans?
User B: wht kinda drinks
User B: i dont think so
User A: Few beers and stuff lol does that bother ya? And I'm prob juss gonna be here to nothing really else to do
User B: y would tht bother me haha..i never drank alcohol..is it fun?
User A: Idk cutie haha and yeahh it's fun like I'm not drinking to get wasted or anything tho juss to relax and have some fun
User B: ohhhh..i acnt wait il im allowed to drink it lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy still on sorry my phone died :/
User B: ohhhh kk
User A: Yeah sorry cutie lol wyd now
User A: Miss me? :p
User B: jus relaxin n duhhh :P
User B: u miss me?
User A: Of course cutie :*
User A: How could I not lol :)
User B: :P
User A: Lol soo tell me a lil more about yourself beautiful like what you like to do for fun types of musics fav kind of musics ya know things like that :)
User B: i like ridin my bike takin walks playin bball shoppin :P
User B: country my fav music but i like pop to
User A: Haha of course ya do :p and ehh not a fan of country but if listen to it juss for youu (: haha
User B: awww ^_^
User B: i love it lol
User A: Lol :)
User A: Sooo are you single and looking beautiful or juss single juss wondering! ;p
User B: single n w/e hahaha
User A: Haha :p I seee well would you say I'm your type beautiful :p
User B: u seem cool so far :P
User A: Haha well glad ya think so  beautiful :p you seem cool so far to (:
User B: ^_^
User A: Hehe (: so what would you say is your type of guy tho beautiful juss wondering :p
User B: idkkk lol
User A: Lol :p
User B: :P
User A: Your to cuuute (: hehe
User A: Think you could send me a pic of youu cutie (: I'll send you one of me to if you'd like (:
User B: kk h.o
User A: I will (:
User B: ur turn :P
User A: So cuuuute (:
User B: it didnt work
User B: n ty :)
User A: I sent to did you get any of them beautiful?
User A: Two*
User B: it wont workkkkk
User A: How bout now boo?
User B: jus send it to my email *email edited*
User A: Ohh okay boo one sec
User B: kk
User A: Okayy I sent it to ya beautiful tell me when ya get it lol
User B: kk h.o lemme check
User B: didnt get it yet
User A: Well I sent it cutie lol
User B: u sure u sent it to the right email
User A: Least I think I sent it right it's *email edited*
User B: u forgot the e in lizziE lol
User A: Lol hang one
User A: On*
User B: kk
User A: Okay get it it now
User B: lemme check
User B: got em
User B: cute :)
User A: Thanx boo :*
User B: :)
User A: Ughh finally homee lol
User B: where were u
User A: I was still at my cousins friends house having some drinksind lol
User B: ohhh haha
User A: Im home now tho on my bed :p should come cuddle up beautiful bout to put on some Netflix ;) :p
User B: wht u guna watch
User B: n i cant drive :(
User A: Hmm idk yet boo let's say whatever you'd wanna watch beautiful :* (:
User A: And ik boo :/ wish ya couldd
User A: Oh well lol can you FaceTime out Skype or whatever? :p
User B: no i dont have a webcam :(
User A: Aww :/ oh well
User B: hey ima get off here..ill be on tomorrow probly
User A: Aww nooo lol
User A: Can't ya stay lil longer cutiee?
User B: lol ill be on tomorrow promise!
User A: Aww :( okayyy then beautiful
User A: Talk to youu tmo (:
User B: kk byeeee
User A: Byee Gnightt
User B: gniteee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: (:
User A: Sorry it's been taking me forever to respond tho cutie I've been running around all over the place :/ lol finnaly starting the barbecue now tho so i can respond quicker :p
User B: haha kk wht u makin
User A: Oh pretty much everything lol burgers, hot dogs getting some steaks in there to haha having some drinks with the fam all fun (:
User B: yummmmmm!!
User A: Yupp (: wish ya could be here cutie if cook ya up sowmthing gooood :*
User B: haha r u a good cook?:)
User A: Haha on the grill yess :p but overall hmm I'm kinda ok still learning tho beautiful lol what about youu? (:
User B: ya :P my aunts r all real good cooks n they taught me
User A: Ohh haha nicee (: maybe sometime you can cook for me then cutie :p hehe
User B: haha kk :P wht do u like
User A: Ohh well I loveeee sea food :D but if you can make a lasagna  that's the way to my heart :p hehe
User B: hahaha i can make lasagna but i make it a diff way then most people..theres not a lot of tomato sauce in the kind i make
User A: Lol well I love lasagna so I'm down to try any kind :p
User B: haha kk!
User A: Lol you'll get a big kiss as a reward ;) :p haha
User B: hahaha yayyy :P
User A: Hehe ;) your to cute :p
User B: :P
User A: Hehe :) so what would you say is the best thing you can make?
User B: hmmmm lol
User B: do u like spicy food
User B: hey im goin to my gmas now ill ttyl byeee
User A: Yess I doo and aww okayy message me later then beautiful I'll miss ya :p
User A: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm going to the bar lol why are you up too?
User B: nothinnn
User B: lucky :(
User A: Lol yeahh I'll bring ya with me sometime tho if you'd like cutie there pretty lenient to the bae I go to :p
User A: Don't check crap especially if im ordering haha
User B: really?i never drank before n tht sounds fun!!!
User A: Yess lol and yeahh it's fun beautiful il show ya good time :) haha whatever you want one mee if I take yaa :p
User B: :D
User A: Hehe yeah :)
User A: Soo wyd cutie?
User B: watchin vid on youtube haha u?
User A: Still at the bar :p wish you could be here
User B: i wunaaaaa
User A: Me tooooo boo
User A: Lol soo did ya miss me today at all? :p
User B: maybe a lil bit ;) :P
User B: did u miss meeeee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiii
User B: Heyy beautiful :)
User B: I missed ya took ya so long :p
User A: sry lol had to eat dinner n take a shower
User B: Im just teasing boo :p watcha have for dinner? And a showerr could have invited meeee to join ;) lol :d
User A: teriaki chicken n rice..n haha sry :P
User A: i wuna hear wht u sound like lol
User B: Mmm yummy :p and hehe its okayy and suree boo :)
User B: Wanna like talk on the phone or something can I call through yahoo chat lol
User A: whts ur # my mom went outside n is arguin w her bf on the phone so i cant talk long
User B: It's *edited* boo
User B: Hurry :p wanna hear you to lol
User B: :p lol
User A: haha wht :P
User B: Almost got caught :p
User B: Lol did she say anything?
User A: no lol she didnt even kno i was on the phone
User B: Ohh haha good (; wouldn't want you to get in trouble boo you sound do cute tho love itt can't wait to be kissing ya :* hehe
User A: haha u sound cute to n me either :D
User B: (: hehe I try I try boo :p and have any more pics of youu I can see?! Your to cuuuute hehe want more
User A: lol look at the pics on my fb
User B: Lol to much workk :p just send me some here or through email boo  haha
User B: :)
User A: im to lazyyyyy
User B: Come onnnn :p pweesee lol
User B: Do it for meee bae lol
User A: brb
User B: Okayy (:
User A: backkk
User B: Where'd ya go boo :p
User A: mom wanted to talk to me
User B: Ohh everything okay?
User A: ya lol she was jus talkin bout school
User B: Oh okay lol so watcha doing now cutie? :)
User A: on fb n talkin to u lol
User A: u?
User B: Still juss laying down on my bed and talking to you (: fun talking to youu your so cuuute and sweet and fun :*
User A: its fun talkin to u to ^_^
User B: Imma kiss ya non stop lol :)
User A: :):):)
User B: :* wish you could be here right now boo
User A: i wish toooooo :(
User A: im gettin sleepy
User B: Aww want me to let you go then boo?
User A: yaaa i think ima go to bed
User A: u can text me tomorrow if u want or i can jus talk to u on here when i get home from school
User B: Okayy boo :* gnight sweet dreams can't wait to see you and you text me in the morning :* lol (: imma be thinking bout youu
User A: kk gniteee ^_^
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Lol yeahh :/ I'm so tired can't wait to go home ughh 3 more hours tho and nicee art was pretty cool I could nvr draw to save my life tho haha
User A: And it's just once a week out store gets shipment of new products and the delivery just happens to be really early and someone needs to be here to help unload and stock the store up lucky me huh :p lol
User B: well at least u don't got much longer to go!wht time u usually work?
User A: I know so happyy :) lol and my schedule is all over the place pretty muh changes from week to week like ik tmo I'm working at 5 and then 5 again Thursday Friday and the weekend I'm off (:
User B: 5 in the morning!?wht time do u get done
User A: No 5pm lol and get out 9:15ishh
User B: ohhh haha thts a lot better then in the morning lol
User A: Haha oh yeah what time you usually get out of school? :)
User B: around 2
User A: Nicee nicee I'll be home by then prob chilling on my couch relaxing haha wanna maybe talk on the phone a lil again today beautiful? (:
User B: my phones prepaid n I don't have a lot of mins left :(
User A: Ohh okay :/ oh well it's okayy then (:
User B: sryyy
User A: Lol it's ok :p soo how's school going? :)
User B: boring as usual lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u guna take a nap?:P
User B: Lol hmm idk prob not boo and then if I did to wouldn't be able to talk to you more when your home :p
User A: awww ^_^
User B: Hehe :* I missed ya was thinking bout ya :) miss me at all? :p
User A: duhhh :)
User B: Hehe yay :* :)
User B: Your getting out soon right??
User A: yep yeppp
User B: Niceee gonna be doing anything today? Or juss chilling boo? :) lol
User A: I kinda wuna take a bike ride since its nice out :)
User B: Yess it's pretty good out :) and def enjoy it cutie cuz after today supposed to be cloudy and rainy pretty much up till Saturday :/ lol
User A: really!?:'(
User B: Yeahh :/ I was just checking the weather and that what it was sayingg
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sooo I'm bored :/ lol
User B: haha y don't u do somethin :P
User A: Lol I'm juss sitting outside now listening to some music relaxing welcome to join me boo :) haha you go on your bike ride yet?
User B: haha I wish I could :P n no I haven't yet
User A: Me too would have had sit right here on my lap and chill with me :* hehe and wish I had a bike i miss riding it lol
User B: hehe ^_^ n y don't u get another one lol
User A: Youd get some kisses to :* hehe and just cuz I don't have money for one right now :/ ill get another one, one day tho lol :)
User A: What kind of bike do you have? :)
User B: ohhh I seeee..n its a huffy
User A: Cool cool :)
User A: I'm like hungry to but have no idea what I want to eat... The struggle lol :p
User B: my moms makin spaghetti tonight
User A: Yumm! Making some for me to tightt :p :) lol jk jk
User A: Rightt*
User B: haha ya righttt
User A: Hehe :p
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: jus got back :) ima get online in a min
User B: ok boo :)
User A: heyyy
User B: Heyy cutiee (:
User A: wht ya doin
User B: Watcha doingg
User A: haha
User A: jus got home
User B: Lol :p funny how we both asked almost same time and I'm juss chilling in my room now no till I go to the gym later have fun on your bike ride? (: do you go on trails and stuff??
User A: ya it was fun n today i jus rode around on the street pretty much everywhere haha
User B: Haha nicee :) well i like that tho you stay active no wonder you keep such a nice lil bodyy ;) hehe :p
User A: hehe :D
User A: guess wht
User B: Hehe big plus :p and hmmm what? :)
User A: my mom works tomorrow ^_^
User B: Ohh niceee :D
User A: yaaaa....
User B: What's wrong boo? :/
User A: nothin?lol
User B: Idk you just put yaaa... Lol
User B: But anywayss hmm so think we can hang tmo then so can finnaly give ya lots of kisses :* hehe
User A: haha yaaaa :D
User B: Hehe ready to get eaten out like I promised yaaa?? ;) haha
User A: yaaa ^_^ :">
User A: u sure no one is guna see us in ur car
User B: Mmm good (; hehe how often do you shave down there juss wondering? :p
User B: And I'm positive boo :)
User A: idk haha whenever it gets like stubbles
User B: And haha ok well how is it right now then nice and smooth? ;)
User A: lil stubbly lol but ill shave tonight :)
User B: Hehe okay boo :) I'm excited like do you moan loud at all? :p
User B: And can i make a suggestion? Lol
User A: sure lol
User B: Do you ever wear skirts boo?
User A: ya when its warm out i do sometimes
User B: Maybe should wear one might make it lil Easier ill just lay you down spread those legs pull those panties out and eat you upp ;) while not fully taking your skirt off tho ya know :p
User B: Down*
User A: hahaha i will if its warm out tomorrow :D
User B: Hehe okay :p and where would you want me to pick you upp like at your house or you want me to pick you up from another spot lol
User A: i dont think u should at my house cus of our nosey freakin neighbor..
User A: hmmmmm
User A: do u kno where holy angels church is?i live by tht n i could walk there
User B: Nooo but I have gps on my phone boo I'll just look it up :) and sounds gooood now do you know like quite spot we can go to? Where we would get no interruption :p
User A: kk..n not really but we can prob find one haha
User B: Haha truee :p
User A: r u sure no one can see in
User A: im nervous lol
User B: Positive boo :* my like back windows are tinted (:
User A: kk..ima make u get in the back n ima stand on the outside to make sure lmao :P
User B: lol like only if you press your face up against the window or get really close you'll see something but even then it fully and besides If it's a quite spot won't have to worry bout that boo :p
User A: i guesss haha
User B: But I'll do it whatever makes you comfortable <3
User A: wht kinda car is it so i kno wht to look for
User B: :)
User A: awww ty ^_^
User B: It's ford Explorer silver and well you'll have your phone on you right I can just call you :p
User B: When I'm there lol
User A: u gotta text me cus im real low on mins until next week
User B: Ohh okayy I'll do (: that then boo hmm when do you usually get home not get out if school actually get home tho
User A: like 2:25
User B: Cuz I have work at 5 tmo :/ but wanna least get to spend and hour or two with youu so like should I be there 2:30? Can meet me right after your home? :p
User A: ya like 2:30 or 2:35 :) takes me like 5 min to walk there
User B: Sound good boo :*
User A: yayyy :D
User A: i never met anyone from online im nervous but excited at the same time if tht makes sense haha :P
User B: Hehe me too boo :* excited and nervous as well more excited tho to give ya some kisses :* on those lips that neck all over ;) :)
User A: :):D
User B: Hehe watcha most excited for? :p
User A: idkkk:">haha
User B: Haha sureee ;)
User A: wht r u most excited bout
User B: Can I ask you tho when was the last time you did anything with a guy boo? Juss wondering lol and to give those lips some kisses and get to eat you all upp hehe told you I like doing that bet you taste goood ;)
User A: uhhh idk like a couple months n yayy ^_^
User B: Hehe yea know you like that ;) soo yesterday you said I was a lot bigger than your ex but by like how much? :p haha I'm curios
User A: haha idk but his was smaller then urs haha
User B: ;)
User A: :D
User B: Think you can take sitting facing me on my map riding up and down on  that boo?? Hehe :D
User B: Lap*
User A: hahaha ya i think so :Phahaha
User B: Hehe mmm good cuz Ik imma get really hardd and stuff so don't forget to remind me to bring a condom :p or two ;) haha
User A: haha dont forget!i dont wuna do tht if u dont bring one on offense lol
User A: no*
User B: Lol no I understand boo don't want you getting pregnant or anything don't worry :p
User A: my mom would killll me
User B: Ik boo I'll bring it no worries (:
User A: kk :)
User B: Hehe :)
User A: didnt work
User A: like usual X-(
User B: Ik :/ lol one sec I'll send it on your email boo
User A: kk :)
User B: Okayy was sent tell me what yay think!! Hehe ;)
User B: Ya*
User A: kk h.o
User A: hotttt :);)
User A: haha
User B: Well glad ya like it boo ;) hehe
User A: :)
User B: Have any hott ones of youu I can see boo? :p
User A: i dont think i dooo :(
User A: i told u i got lots of pics on my fb lol
User B: Have you ever sent pics I mean like the one I sent you yesterday? :p
User A: nooo i dont got pic messaging :(
User B: Oh yeahh truee :/ how do you take your pics then boo? Use digital camera?
User B: And I kinda wanted oneee :/ tbh lol
User A: used my friends when i was hangin out w her n my mom took some haha
User A: im sry :(
User B: It's okayy cutie :* :) and I seee I see :p
User B: I'll just get a good look when we hang then ;) :p
User A: yaaaaa
User B: :)
User B: Soo watcha doing now boo?
User A: watchin vids on youtube
User A: have u ever heard of edbassmaster lmao
User B: Hmm I think so sound familiar lol what's it about?
User A: hes a prankster on youtube hes hillarious!:P
User B: Ohhh that guy :p yeah I've seen some of his vids lol pretty funny :) haha
User A: :P
User B: Any other funny vids? (:
User A: all of his vids r lol
User A: he has like 295787546
User A: hey moms makin me make dinner -_-..ima do tht shower n i got a lil bit of hw but ill be on later!
User B: Aww okay boo I'm gonna be going to the gym to anyways but I'll be on later to (:
User B: Make me some dinner as well :p hehe
User A: hahaha kk :P
User B: Yayy :* you'll get a reward :p hehe alrighty well go make dinner and stuff then boo I'll ttyl I'll be thinking bout ya <3
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyyy
User B: Heyy you (:
User A: :)
User B: What's upp (:
User A: jus relaxinnn :D u
User B: Funny cuz I just got back home from the gym was bout to check if ya messaged :p how was dinner and all that (: lol
User A: real good :D
User A: n haha really?
User B: Yupp lol and well that's good (: and heyy for some reason your profile pic isn't showing anymore lol you take it out?
User A: no its still there
User B: Swear boo on mine it's not showing up lol
User B: I'll send you screenshot lol
User B: I'll send you screenshot lol
User A: i believe u lol
User A: should i try to login n logout
User B: Lol try putting up diff pic or something it looks so weird haha and yeah could try that tooo
User A: tolazy lol
User B: Lol well do the log off thing then :p
User A: kk
User A: it work?
User B: Okayy it's back now lol
User A: haha k
User B: Lol yahoo sucks so much :p
User A: i knoooo
User B: Idk it might just be the app that sucks or something who knows lol soo anyways leave me any dinner boo? :p
User A: hahaha ya ill bring some tomorrow :P
User B: Lol I'm teasing boo don't have to :p watcha make tho spaghetti? (:
User A: yeahh n garlic bread
User B: Mmm Garlic bread well maybe I wouldn't mind some of that :p
User B: Lol :)
User A: haha garlic bread is the best :P
User B: Lol I love itt (:
User B: Still nervous for tmo boo? Lol (:
User A: a lil bit lol
User B: It's okayy I am a lil to lol :p
User B: Will be okay tho promise I don't bite (: less you want me to (; haha :p
User A: hahahaha u seriously make me smile :)
User A: im gettin tired
User B: I try I try boo :) hehe and going to sleep now beautiful?
User A: yaaa
User B: Aww :(
User B: Lol jk jk :p
User A: im sry :(
User A: u can text me tomorrow :)
User B: Well okayy gnight boo I'll message ya in the morning say good morning muahh :* sweet dreams can't wait to see ya
User A: kk :) gnite cant wait to see u either ^_^
User B: :)<3
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sry my phone was on silent n i forgot i had a quiz today so i been tryin to study for it in my other classes haha
User B: Lol it's okayy :p
User B: How'd you do on your quiz??
User A: wht u doin
User A: think i did good :)
User B: I was jut having breakfast lol and that's good, good job :p what about you what you doing? (:
User A: sittin in class lol
User B: Sounds like so much fun :p
User A: oh it isss -_- haha
User B: Haha :p
User B: Soo are u still excited boo? :p
User A: yaaa :) r u
User B: But of coursee ;) :) how couldn't I be :p
User B: I'm out getting that "thing" right now actually :p then gonna go home and shower (: lol
User A: hehe ^_^ wht thing?
User B: Hehe You know What I asked you to remind me not to forget :p lol
User A: ohhhh haha well i guess u didnt forget :P
User B: Lol not at all :p so watcha wear today boo the skirt maybe? ;) hehe :))
User A: noo i forgot but i can change into one when i go home :P
User B: Mmm i might like that ;) :p hehe
User A: haha kk i will
User B: :)) hehe
User A: wht time r u guna drop me back off
User B: Hmm well I have work at 5 so prop like 4:00-4:15 ish that good?
User A: kk ^_^
User B: :) btw so did you shave last night? :p hehe
User A: ya :)
User B: Yummy hehe :p
User B: Ughhhhh I'm so so pissed now :/ ...
User A: y?
User B: Cuz my manager just called me asked me to come in earlier at 4 instead of 5.. Now if I go I can only see you for like half hour before I have to go :'( I'm so mad boo was so looking forward to today :/
User A: we still have a lil time
User B: Ik boo but wanted to spend it lil more with youu :/ like least hour and Half is your mom working anyother days this week?
User A: ya but im hangin out w my friends..its ok if we only have a lil time i really wuna see u :)
User B: Okay boo then you don't have to change ok I'll leave In a bit :)
User B: And I'm going in my work clothes ok since I have to go straight there after alright hope you don't mind lol
User A: kk u sure u dont want me to change?it dont take fast lol
User A: haha idc
User B: I'm sure boo don't worry save as much time as we can :p :*
User A: kk ^_^
User B: :))
User A: im excitedddd :)
User A: r u on ur way )
User B: Yup :)
User B: R u there boo?
User A: kk wht time u guna be here 2:30?i jus got outta school
User A: jus got outta school :)
User A: i jus got home so ill start walkin now ^_^ u there yet?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey whats up its jared
User B: Jared??
User B: Idk ne Jared
User A: From meetme silly. So can u walk to the square? What r your parents going to say?
User B: Oh.. Lol.. Bob Dylan?
User B: Well my moms here right now
User B: Y wutchu wanna do
User A: Its up to u lol what do u need?
User B: What do I need??
User B: I wanna know what you want 2 do
User B: ???
User B: R we hanging out in your car or something.. Idgi, cuz I don't wanna get in trouble
User A: Geesh i was busy your not a virgin are you?
User B: No
User A: I got somewhere we can go u just have to promise me your moms cool with u being gone
User B: Ok.. Where? I can tell her I'm sleeping over at my friends
User B: N wuts a white mandingo warrior?? Lol
User A: Just an hour or two just tell her your going over to a friends ok
User B: K wut r we gonna do
User A: Idk lol make out sound good?
User A: ?
User B: Make out?
User B: Eh
User A: You can have the white man dingo warrior to lol
User B: What does that even mean? Lol
User A: That im a god of love making i think lol im headed your way and will be there in 30 min or so k
User B: I didn't even ask if I could leave
User A: Ask then duh
User B: What if she says no? Can u come later?
User A: Your going to a friends and will be back in an hour or two
User A: No i live in dothan remember? Im only going to drop something off at my inlaws
User B: Uh.. So?? That's not really far
User A: Your going swiming k
User B: So ur saying if I can't go now then ur not coming back here
User A: It is when your working two jobs
User B: Ur kinda acting like a jerk
User B: So maybe hmu when u have time
User B: Bye
User A: Just come on we wont be gone long and no im never coming again just dont know when the next time i can will be
User A: How am i acting like a jerk?
User A: Do u want to hang out or are u playing games? Bc it went from sounding like u could hang out to your mom will never let u leave real quick
User B: No, she won't.. N I never said I could do that either
User B: If I plan it she will
User A: So u cant go anywhere at all?
User B: I can if I plan it!!
User A: Ok lets make plans for tomorrow then hows that sound?
User B: That sounds better! Lol
User A: Your so going to get me into trouble
User B: More like the other way around
User A: You know we are going to do it lol thats not trouble but will lead to it
User B: U better not get me in trouble..
User A: I wont but u better make it worth every min
User B: Like how
User A: By not being so tight i cant get it in lol
User B: Wait, what
User A: Lol your pussy duh
User B: Lol.. Why what exactly r u putting in there?
User A: Sounds like u mite be the police to me
User B: Uh no... But ur acting like ur putting something huge in there lol
User B: Told u I wasn't a virgin
User A: Youll just have to find that out wont u?
User B: Uh no.. Not if it gonna put something weird in me
User A: How many guys have u been with that were over 18?
User B: None? My last bf was 17
User B: Y?
User A: What do u let most guys put in there lmao?
User B: I only had sex w that guy
User A: Your kidding me? Just one guy? You are erasing your msgs in case your mom gets your phone rite
User B: Y is that bad?? Yea I erase all of them
User A: No its good. Do u want to do it?
User B: Well u made it sound bad!
User B: I just don't wanna get in trouble
User B: Do u have a gf??
User A: No i dont have a gf bc im to busy most of the time but im not busy enough to get laid which i havent done in 2 months.
User B: Oh
User A: Have u ever given head before?
User B: Lol yea
User A: Swallow?
User B: Sometimes
User A: Is it good to the last drop?
User B: Not really! Lol
User A: Would u like to do that?
User B: It's ok I guess
User B: Not the best
User A: No i said would u like to do that?
User B: I guess I would do it again?
User A: Uggh do u have skype?
User B: Nope
User A: What would it take for u to get it?
User B: My mom took away my web cam
User A: You can still watch get it for me
User B: I have yahoo?
User A: Thatll work lol im about to be home. Whats your yahoo?
User B: I'm going to my grammas.. But it's er1ca_leah_cx
User A: You dont want to watch me on cam?
User B: Lol I do but were leaving
User B: Add me n I'll go on later tonight when we get home
User A: Your just suddenly leaving huh?
User B: Were leaving in like 10 mins?
User A: Later tonite? You cant do it on your phone?
User B: I don't kno the password to download apps
User A: You have to have a password to download apps? Lmao i didnt even know that.
User B: Yup.. Y wut kinda phone do u have? My frickin mom blocks everything.. I can't even text pix
User A: Ill be home in a min do u want me to cum for you?
User B: I can't go on til later.. She's gonna bitch if I go in and turn on the computer
User B: Later?
User A: I have a flip phone with no data plan lol
User B: Oh well that sux.. Yep I have an iPhone but you gotta enter a password to download any app
User A: Im home
User B: Kool?
User A: Uggh how long are u going to be at grannys?
User B: Dunno.. Maybe till dinner?
User A: Why?
User B: WTF
User A: Settle down so out of all the guys on meetme why hookup with me?
User B: Ur cute. Why me?
User A: We have talked before and i wanted you but it just never happened you couldnt i dont think. Your hot and prob tight and tight is good
User B: I never talked 2 u before?
User A: Lol yes u did
User B: Nope
User B: Maybe u talk to 2 many girls
User A: Check ur msgs.
User B: Yep, today was the first time
User B: I gtg my moms here ttyl
User A: Geesh we could have been done on yahoo already
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey were back finally
User B: you want this cock baby
User A: huh
User B: you want to watch me jack off?
User A: well I wanted 2 come online so u stop complaining.. but I cant stay online long cause my mom is making me go 2 bed
User B: 'you like my big hard cock baby
User A: lol yea looks big
User B: how do you want me to stroke it?
User A: ??
User B: you want this cum dont you
User A: like that I guess lol
User B: you think you can handle that
User A: I think so
User B: you want this cum baby
User A: hahah :\">
User B: ?
User A: yea
User B: you going to take it tomorrow?
User A: take it?
User B: do whatever you want with it
User A: lol wut u want me 2 do
User B: whatever makes u feel good
User A: mmk
User B: sound good
User A: I guess?? lol
User B: you ready baby
User A: for...
User B: would you rather have it in your pussy or in your mouth
User A: where do u want it
User B: both
User A: lol I'm excited
User A: I gotta go soon my mom is yelling at me
User B: did you like that
User B: did you like that
User A: ya
User B: so what street in hartford do you live on?
User A: LOL
User A: Im not telling u
User A: I gotta get off the computer text me
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry my mom came in my room
User B: So how bout around 2 tomorrow will that work?
User A: Ya I think so.. Text me in the morning
User B: Do u have facebook?
User A: Yea
User B: Whats ur fbook?
User A: My name is erica denaro.. U can look me up but I can't add u cause my mom is my friend on fb
User B: Ok babe i understand
User A: Kk I'm going 2 bed now.. Nite
User B: Wear that pink shirt for me tomorrow
User B: And if u take adderal or have any pain meds bring them to
User A: I will.. N wut? I don't take ne pills
User B: No cough syrup? Any of that lol
User A: Nope sorry
User A: K goodnite
User B: Im going to ruin u tomorrow lol goodnight
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyyy
User A: So my mom said I can go 2 my friends today ^_^
User B: Yea! Lol ive been trying to get some work done
User A: I kno I'm stoked lol
User A: So the square?
User B: How bout the side of the gas station
User A: How bout the gazebo
User B: Meet me at the gas station at 130
User A: The scooter store?
User A: Ok
User B: The gas station works better. Your going to have to trust me if u dont want to get in trouble
User A: That is the gas station lol
User A: The store there is called the scooter store :P
User A: Were are we gonna go??
User B: Not far just dont worry about it lol
User A: Lol kk
User B: Are u excited?
User A: Yea.. Kinda nervous tho
User A: But in a good way ;)
User A: U?
User B: Just trust me and do what i tell u and youll have nothing to worry about
User A: Ok I trust u
User A: Should I bring ne thing w me?
User B: What do u mean?
User A: Idk like food or ne thing lol
User B: No wtf? Are we going camping lol
User A: Hahah well idk!
User A: K I'm gonna start getting ready
User B: Ill be there in 30 min ok
User A: Kk
User A: Pink shirt? Lol
User A: Hey what kinda car do u have so I kno it's you??
User B: Ive got a white camry but lets make it between 2-230 ive got to run to my job and pick some paper work up before i leave ok
User A: Ugh r u serious
User B: And yeah wear that pink shirt
User B: Im coming baby i have to do the payroll for our landscaping business before 4pm
User A: Ok just hurry lol
User A: So I should be there at 2?
User B: 215 exactly
User A: Ok ^_^
User B: Im leaving work now k should be there in 30 min
User A: Kk
User B: Pink shirt?
User A: Lol yea I got it on
User B: Do u have jeans or shorts on?
User B: Are u walking to the gas station?
User A: I have white shorts on
User A: No I didn't leave yet u said half an hour?
User A: Should I ?
User B: Ill be there in 15 min i was just wondering how u were geting up there? Are u walking
User A: Yea walking I only live a couple mins from there
User B: Ok go ahead and leave ok
User A: Oook...
User B: Ok
User A: Gonna wait in the store if ur not there yet ok
User A: On my way
User B: Are u there yet
User A: Not yet.. U?
User B: Almost
User A: Ok I just got here.. Gonna get some gum
User A: Lmk when ur here k
User A: ??
User B: K
User A: Where r u? I feel stupid standing in here waiting
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey it's me Erica
User B: :) hey cuti
User B: So your from Hartford also
User A: Yup lol
User B: :) damn sucks you are so young! Jail bait lol
User B: Send me a pic of you
User A: I can only send pix thru yahoo my mom blocked pix messaging on my phone :(
User A: Yahoo messenger
User B: Lol! You must have been sending bad ones
User B: Can you receive them?
User A: No only thru yahoo :( Do u have it?
User B: I will get it!
User A: Hehe kool
User B: What you doing?
User A: I'm in skool right now so I can't text a lot
User B: That is fine:) I am down loading yahoo messenger!
User B: I am at work so equally hard to text lol
User A: Kool my name is er1ca_leah_cx on yahoo
User B: OK its almost done
User B: So you like older guys?
User A: Ya I think there kool
User B: Lol well cool! :)
User A: Hehe.. Do u have a gf?
User B: No! You got a bf?
User A: Nope
User B: Good
User B: :)
User A: Lol
User B: I downloaded it but had insufficient space so got to redo it! Lol! We going to have to hang out sometime?
User A: U want 2 for real?
User B: If you do?
User A: Ya sounds like fun lol
User B: :) that's what up!!!
User B: What you do for fun boo?
User A: Hmm I like goin 2 the beach, hanging out, cruising, listening 2 music
User B: :) you got any plans for this weekend?
User A: Nope not really
User B: :) :) cool lets make some!
User A: Lol whatchu wanna do
User B: What ever you want to boo! If you like it I love it! So nothing bother me!
User A: Lol ok
User B: ;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyy
User B: :)
User B: I going to send ya pic
User A: Lolll cute
User B: Ty! Kisses for you
User B: Lol
User A: Did it work?
User B: Don't think so it let me open but its all black
User B: Awe you are sooo cute
User B: ;)
User A: Lol u really think so
User B: Yeah girl you are stunning!
User A: Haha no wayy
User B: I think you are!
User A: Thanks ^_^
User B: Your welcome!
User A: Lol so wrud
User B: Just chillin playing ping pong at my house with couple friends!
User A: Oh kool
User B: Lol that my game face boo"
User B: Wyd?
User A: Hot lol
User A: Nuthin gotta do some homework n go 2 bed
User B: :) thank you!
User B: :(
User A: I kno.. Sux
User B: Yeah I know!
User B: Send me another pic boo?
User B: Wow! Lol you are absolutely beautiful!
User A: Lol thanks
User B: What is your favorite perfume? I going to get you a surprise lol?
User B: Lol well you know what it is but you just got to act surprised
User A: Hmm I dunno. I like Beyonces perfume
User B: Kk can u get it at mall?
User A: Ya
User B: Ok cool
User B: So miss Erica you think you would want to hang out sometime?
User A: Hehe ya I think that would b kool
User B: So do I!
User B: So how do u not have a bf?
User B: You are so fine lol! Any guy be lucky to have u!!! Jus sayin
User A: Idk I had 1 last year but we broke up
User A: Well.. He broke up w me
User B: He is an idiot!
User A: He's a jerk
User B: Well better off without him them boo! Plus I glade we get to hang out lol!
User A: Ya
User B: You auburn or Alabama fan babe?
User A: Kinda.. I moved here 2 years ago
User B: Oh where ya from?
User A: We used 2 live in Chicago
User B: Really? Lol big change coming here huh?
User A: Ya it's really different
User B: I know that is right! I never been that far north but I can only imagine!
User B: So you like guys In army?
User A: Hmm ya there cool
User A: R u in the army?
User B: Yes mam
User A: Kool ^_^
User B: :) you make me smile girl!
User A: :">
User B: Lol you do!!! I can't wait to see u in person!
User A: Lol me 2
User B: So this weekend wanna let me take you shopping or to dinner or something?
User A: Hmmm hehe yah maybe
User B: Lol why maybe? Why not yes I would love too! Lol
User A: Hehe idk I don't want ne one 2 find out
User B: No one will!
User B: I want say anything!
User A: R u sure? If we go shopping people will see us..
User B: Yeah I'm sure! We can go shopping in troy no one will know us there!
User B: And we could just watch movie or something at my house
User B: Or what ever you like
User A: Yea that sounds better lol
User B: Lol!
User B: That sounds good huh?
User A: Lol yup
User B: Lol :) sounds great to mee
User A: Hehe good. What kinda movies u got
User B: I got the hangover 3. And u ever heard of "now you see me"?
User A: No never seen either
User B: But I go get what ever movie you want to watch
User A: Haha ok kool
User A: U got snacks? Lol
User B: Lol yeah
User B: Lol ur cray
User A: Lol nuh uh
User B: I like it though!
User A: Hehe oh u do huh?
User B: Lol yeah! Your pretty awrsome
User A: I kno ^_^
User B: Oh you know it babe? Lol
User A: I think I'm pretty kool?
User B: I was saying you are lol and glade you know it!
User B: Send me one more pic babe a sexy one lol
User B: :) :) I can't get over how beautiful you are boo!
User A: Lol :">
User B: So movies this weekend babe?
User A: At ur house?
User B: Yeah
User A: Lol ya I'll see if I can get out of the house.. Wut else u wanna do
User B: Just say you staying with friend lol!
User B: And I down for what ever you wanna do babe?
User A: Me 2 ^_^
User B: Mmmmm lil
User B: Lol
User A: Hehe
User B: You Jus saying that lol
User A: Nope I'm down 4 ne thing
User B: Really?
User A: Yup
User B: You made my night lol
User A: Lol y
User B: Just cause you are a dime plus nine lok
User A: Ha
User B: Try to come over for real like go ahead and ask tomorrow lol
User A: Ok
User B: :)
User A: Do u live w anyone?
User B: Room mate! But just be us this weekend
User B: He always gone outta town anyways!
User B: We in army together
User A: Oooh ok kool
User B: Yeah will be great! Lol
User B: I bet you look damn good in bathing suit! Jus sayin lol
User A: Hehe.. I do love going 2 the beach lol
User B: We will go sometime!
User B: You got any pics with u in bathing suit?
User A: No :(
User B: Lol its all good
User A: I wish I did
User B: So ddo i
User B: Lol
User A: Lol maybe u can take some of me
User B: I would like that! Alot lol
User A: Well I gotta go 2 bed.. Hmu 2moro?
User B: Yeah baby I will
User B: Text or on here?
User A: Text?
User B: Sleep good babe! I will text you in the morning
User B: :)
User A: Ok.. Nite ^_^
User B: Muah! Nite
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey boo
User A: How are you doing today
User B: Hiii.. I'm good n u ?
User A: Good babe! Jus think about you lol! ;)
User B: Hehe oh really
User B: Wut r u thinking about lol
User A: Just about how pretty you are! And this weekend! If you can leave?
User B: I didn't ask yet
User A: Its OK! You going to when u get home baby?
User B: Would u take me home?
User A: From school?
User B: No like after ur house
User A: Well yeah lol
User B: Oh kk
User A: :)
User B: Hehe should I bring ne thing?
User A: Something sexy! Lol
User B: Lol ok like wut
User A: Like a cute skirt or something
User B: Ok I can do that lol
User A: :) mmmm can't wait
User B: Lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :) we gonna have good weekend bwby
User B: Oh yea?
User A: Oh yeah!!!!
User B: Hahaha
User B: Wut r we gonna dooo
User A: What ever you want to baby! I will do what ever you want!
User B: Oh really..
User A: :) mmmhhhmm what ever you say!
User B: Lol.. Have ne ideas??
User A: Alot lol but they a surprise lol!
User B: A surprise?? Lol I dont like surprises
User A: Lol why?
User B: Lol idk I just like knowing
User A: Well you call it boo! Only do what you wanna do
User B: Well I wanna kno wut YOU wanna do lol
User A: If you like it I love it! Nothing bothers me
User A: You got Facebook
User A: ?
User B: Yea
User A: You should add me?
User A: Or would that be bad idea?
User B: Yea prolly not
User B: My name is Erica Denaro tho on fb
User A: Lol yeah!
User A: Baby I going to kiss your whole body!
User B: That sounds good ^_^
User A: :) mmhhmm I bet you taste like heaven
User B: Lol I do like kissing
User A: So I do!
User A: What else you like baby?
User B: Hehe anything
User A: Really? You like for me to lick your body!? And go down on you?
User B: Go down?
User A: Lol think about it!
User B: LOL tellll meee
User A: Eat you out baby! Lol
User B: Lol that's wut I thought u meant
User A: Lol! Do you like that?
User B: R u really going 2 do that? I thought guys didn't like 2 do that
User A: I do lol and yeah I would love to for you!
User B: Kool.. Now I'm really excited hehe
User A: :) I would do it till you made me stop!!!!
User B: Wow.. Hehe wut else r u going 2 do
User A: Mmmm idk what would you want me to do
User B: Well going down on me sounds like fun.. I never had ne one do that 2 me before
User A: Really!? Well you will definitely like that!
User A: I will do it extra good and long for you
User B: I think so 2 lol
User A: :)
User A: We should exchange some naughty pics tonight?
User B: Dang lol
User B: Idk
User A: Is that a yes lol?
User A: Why?
User B: I never even met u yet.. My friend sent pix 2 this guy n he showed everyone :(
User A: If I going to see it all tomorrow anyways why not have a little pregame
User A: Well I not like that guy lol
User A: I wouldn't show anyone cause of circumstances
User B: Idk I wanna c u first 2 kno I can trust u n ur not gonna show ne 1
User A: What? Wasn't expecting you to say that! :+
User A: :(
User A: I would be dumb to show someone cause of circumstances
User B: Sorry I jus dnt wan't 2 get in trouble.. My mom would prob take my phone away
User B: R u mad :(
User A: Not at all
User B: Phew ok good ^_^
User A: Lol
User B: Gonna ask when I can sleep over at my friends when I get home
User A: Ok baby
User A: I'm excited
User B: Me 2
User A: You think she will say yes
User B: Oh ya I just dnt kno which night yet
User A: Ok cool! Any night is fine
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Its a I phone too
User A: What your mom say?
User B: Wow that would b pretty kool!
User B: She's not home yet
User A: My old I phone 4
User A: Oh k
User A: We shoulda met up today
User B: Lol I wish my gramma is here
User A: Lol
User A: She woulds been alright
User A: Lol
User B: Lol ya right
User A: What time your mom get home!?
User A: Where do you stay in hartford
User B: She comes home kinda late... I know she's gonna say yes I just don't kno which day yet
User A: Oh ok
User A: Lets exchange some more pics!
User B: I can't really text right now my gramma is askin me who I'm talkin 2
User A: OK
User A: Just go to your room lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Boring.. But I'm glad it's Friday!
User B: I know that's right baby
User B: I cant wait to love on you
User A: Haha o ya?
User B: Oh yeah! You can be my girl lol Jus no one can know lol
User A: Umm ya I kno lol u better not tell ne 1
User B: I not I don't want to get in trouble! Or have to stop lol
User B: So would you like to be my girl?
User A: Wutchu mean
User B: Just like us chill and keep it on the low
User A: Oooh ya.. Of course lol
User B: Good! I will spoil you boo
User A: Hehe really.. No 1 ever spoiled me b4
User B: That is going to change babe!
User B: What ever your heart desires
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Baby
User B: Yah?
User A: Wyd
User B: Still at skool
User A: Oh OK call me when u can!
User B: Call u?
User A: Yeah just hard to text and wanna tell u something!
User B: Lol whatchu wanna tell me
User A: Lol Jus call I already got in trouble for text today lmao
User B: Kk
User B: My gramma is picking me up from skool but I'll try later when I get home k
User A: Ok babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: He babe wyd
User B: Nm wyd
User A: Just ready to go home lol
User B: I think my gramma is making me sleep over.. Ugh
User A: Lol damn
User B: I knoww so lame
User A: So we can't talk on phone?
User B: Prolly not tonight.. She'll hear me
User B: I can't stop thinking about u tho hehe
User A: Me either lol I really like you! Jus sayin
User A: Alot lol
User A: Are you on bc
User B: Well I like u back lol
User B: No... I'm 2 scared 2 ask my mom for it
User A: That's good! And damn that sucks lol
User B: I know....
User A: I don't like condo lol
User A: They take feeling away
User B: Really?
User A: Yeah
User B: Ooh
User A: Do we have to use em?
User B: I don't wanna get preg..
User A: I know! I can pull out!
User A: Or I will get you morning after pill!?
User B: What's that?
User A: Pill that you take to not get pregnant if a guy rubbished inside you
User B: Lol ok
User B: Never took that b4
User A: Its like 50$ but I will get it if you let me Finnish inside you?
User B: Is it gonna make me sick?
User A: No it downy!
User A: Doesn't!
User B: Ok good
User A: Good that makes it so much more intimate
User A: And feels soooooo good!
User B: Hehe kool
User A: So I can lol
User B: U can?
User A: Hell yeah
User B: Wait, what? Lol
User B: Ya I guess so
User A: Lol
User A: Thank you
User B: Hehe so do u really wanna do it?
User A: Yeah lol
User B: Lol kool
User B: Me 2
User B: I'm gonna go 2 sleep hmu 2moro
User A: Ok boo
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey babe!
User A: Thank you baby
User A: You are the most beautiful girl in world lol
User B: Lol ya right
User A: You are
User B: I wishhh
User A: You are to me!
User B: Thanks ^_^
User A: I am luckiest guy in world lol
User B: Lol oh god
User A: I am baby!
User B: Yea yea
User A: being honest!
User B: Okkkkk
User A: Sorry
User B: It's ok lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey love! Send me some more pics!
User B: Y don't u send me pix?? Lol
User B: Y don't u send me pix?? Lol
User A: Ok I will baby
User A: Please send me a full body sexy one babe
User B: I did yesterday? Lol
User A: Like in panties and bra baby! Or bathing suit lol!
User B: Ur just sending me face pix lol
User A: I will send you a really sexy one if u send one back baby
User B: K
User A: You want to see my you know what?
User A: Lol?
User B: Lol ok
User A: That is not hard babe!!
User A: I just about 9" hard
User A: Send me one to get me hard baby
User A: You going to be able to handle one that big?
User A: You going to be able to handle one that big?
User B: Wow that's big lol
User A: Send me sexy one now and I will send more!
User B: I hope so lol
User A: I will be easy on you!
User A: Mmm baby let me see ur butt!
User B: Lol u will
User A: And I will take more of my dick
User A: I just really horny right now baby
User B: Lol me 2
User A: I just wanna lick your pussy so long right now
User B: That sounds amazing
User A: Oh baby I know I bet you taste so good!
User A: Please send just one in ur panties baby
User A: Then slide my dick in your tight pussy slowly
User B: Idk I gotta c u first so I kno ur not gonna show ne 1
User A: Its just panties baby and I not I really like you alot and promise I want baby!
User A: Please baby
User B: Idk
User A: I swear to god like I am falling for you I don't want any looking at my girl
User B: I don't wanna get in trouble tho
User A: Cbaby if your mom just see what we writt
User A: We would be in trouble!
User A: Please baby
User A: I'm soooooo horny and just want you to be kinky and keep exchange pics
User A: You want another one from me?
User A: I so caught up on you! Like you the only girl I need for rest of life!
User A: Baby:(
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry I just don't wanna get in trouble lol
User B: If she just read what we write we would get in trouble! And its just panties! I don't understand
User B: Its just like sending text!
User A: I kno that's why I deleted the convo
User B: Well just send me one then delete baby!
User B: I not going to show any one why would I want another guy check out my girl?
User B: A girl that I crazy about at that?
User A: I jus not sending that kinda stuff 2 ne 1 that I haven't met yet
User A: Sorry
User B: Damn wish I wouldn't sent the one I did now! I hope ur not just playing me! And really are who you say you are! You just never answer
User A: Wut does that mean??
User B: I just hope you are really Erica and girl in those pics!
User A: Omg lol...
User A: Yup that's me
User A: Fine I'll call u in a little bit ok 2 prove it 2 u lol
User B: I just really like you and just don't want you to be playing around!
User A: I'm not babe.. I just don't want 2 get in trouble ok
User B: Ok baby ima trust you but please don't play me! Cause you already somehow got me addicted to you! And we haven't even kissed or anything yet
User A: I'm not like that.. I hope ur not playing me either
User B: I not Erica I want you soooo bad! I don't want any other girl for rest of my life long as I got you
User B: And I usually only go for girls my age but I fell for you
User B: Hope you falling for me Erica!
User A: I am.. I like u a lot
User A: My mom is gonna go to the store can I call u real quick when she goes?
User B: Yeah please do!
User B: I am completely yours Erica! No one elses
User B: I kinda got it bad for you
User B: Yeah Erica I definitely want you!
User B: You sound sooooo cute on phone! So if we fall in love we can be together baby!?
User A: Lol good
User A: Yah ^_^
User B: Good baby I will try my best every day to make you happiest girl in the world!
User B: I never felt this way about a girl! And I call myself a Mack daddy before I met you!
User B: I never fell for a girl before I even kissed her or been intimate with
User B: You have had sex before right?
User A: Ya.. I never been in love b4 tho
User B: Well good baby let ur guard down! I want you to fall in love with me! Cause I think I am with you already lol
User B: I usually one making girls fall but you are my weakness
User B: Like ima make sure you got the car u want when u turn 16! Always going to be in some miss me jeans! I just going to spoil you!
User B: And not only spoil you but love you baby!
User A: Wow.. Lol ur like the perfect guy.
User B: Its weird cause I wouldn't do it for any other girl! My heart smiles just thinking bout you why I know that you the one baby
User B: Just stick with me Erica we going to be perfect together I know it!
User A: I think so 2 babe ^_^
User B: Good! I so glade I found you!
User B: Baby sneak out tonight you don't have to leave house I just want to kiss you please
User B: Kiss you and tell you I love you!
User A: Do u really love me?
User B: I really think I do! I know its crazy but I do! Erica I love you
User B: You are all I think about since I met you!
User B: Is that bad baby?
User A: No it's not bad... Hehe I think I love u 2
User B: Awe baby! Good! Thank god!
User B: You are best thing that has ever happened to me baby I love you
User A: Really?
User B: And I'm your first love! That's I good cause I really believe your my zing lol I found my soulmate!
User B: Yeah you make have this feeling!
User B: You will get what ever your heart desires baby! Idc if I got to rob bank to get it for you
User A: Lol that's crazy
User B: Is it I'm sorry
User A: Lol well u don't need 2 go rob a bank
User B: And if you don't believe me we will go get your car the first night we hang out! I got enough in bank to pay most of it off and I will put it in ur name so u know!
User B: That's hows sure I am that you my soulmate!
User B: What ever kinda car u want my love! 2014 too
User B: I just absolutely love you no doubt!
User A: Ok shhh! Ur gonna get me in trouble lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: No babe! Lol we went 2 church my mom made me leave my phone in the car
User B: Oh OK lol phew!
User B: That wouldst sucked lol cause I let my gaurd down for you! And already head over heels lol Jus sayin
User B: I going to put you on my bank account baby so when I deploy over seas you can have money!
User B: And just in case something happens to me u can have money also
User A: What?? When r u leaving?
User B: Not soon around November baby!
User B: I really do love you Erica! Jus hope you know that
User A: how long r u gonna b gone?
User B: 8 months in Basra Afghanistan
User A: Oh wow wut do u do in the army?
User B: 11bravo infantry! And please don't leave me when I go over seas I really do love you!
User A: I won't I promise
User B: I mean you want us to be together right? Like I don't have wrong idea do I?
User B: Baby I hope you love me and just want only me! I hope I not falling deeply in love with you and it not bee mutual feeling!
User B: You just hard to read! And I don't want to get hurt!
User A: Sorry... I do only want u 2
User A: It's just hard 2 text it's Easter n my family is here
User A: I don't wanna get in trouble ok
User B: Ok I understand! Are you falling in love?
User A: Ya I think so
User B: I know you around family and hard to text so just send me what size pants and shirt you wear i going shopping for you at Aero! Text or call me when u can! And let ur guard down a fall in love I don't want to be only one! Ttyl
User A: Kk I wear a size 4
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Quick question miss me jeans don't have 4 they go by waist size and hip you know what u need?
User A: They expensive as hell but I asked the lady working what to get my gf and really make her smile she said! Miss me jeans lol! 170$ pair of jeans lol wtf
User B: Omg... That's 2 much lol
User A: Nah its all good! Get ya couple pair of those and shirt but do you know what "miss me" size you are
User B: No idk? I never had those b4
User A: You ever heard of them? She said they was the style lol
User B: Ya I have but idk how there sizes are? Just tell her imma size 4
User A: Ima ask her what size to get since u a 4
User A: Ok
User A: You will love the 2 I picked out! I hope lol
User A: She asked do you have big butt for being a size 4 lol
User B: Um a lil bit lol
User B: I have a round booty
User A: Mmmm I like that lol OK she said she got it!
User B: Lol u don't need 2 buy me ne thing babe 4 real
User A: To late lol! And know I don't have to but I want to
User A: Want me to send pic on yahoo
User B: Wow thank u baby ur so sweet
User B: Later ok my mom is saying she's gonna take my phone away if I don't get off
User A: Ok
User A: Love you
User A: So much baby! I would never have spent 370$ on 2 pairs of jeans! On any other girl! Its cause I love you baby!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ur the best guy in the world
User B: I love you!
User A: Love u 2
User B: Omg awe!!! You just made me tear up!
User B: I wanted you to say it solo bad!
User B: You just made me happiest guy in world
User B: I going to add you to bank account tomorrow and get ya ATM card! You can spend money how ever you like baby! Its ours now!
User B: That was first time you told a guy you love him too wasn't it!
User A: Maybe lol
User B: you want regret saying it
User B: I thank god I found the most beautiful, kind, sweet girl in the world!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Let's get married then?
User B: Lol wut?
User B: I think we have 2 meet each other first.. What if u don't like me?
User A: Lol impossible! I really do mean it when I say I love you! We can meet first but I promise I still will want to marry you lol
User A: I not trying to play you or lead you on! I really see us being a great couple!
User A: I am about to put you on my bank account and give you your own ATM card you don't think that means anything lol!
User A: If I get shot and killed overseas you will get everything of mine! You are my POD ! I don't just do that! Actually this will be first time anyone beside me will have access to my bank! There like 29,000 in there!
User A: That why I said let ur gaurd down and fall in love cause I am! And all you got to worry about rest of ur life is staying faithful! And what to wear everyday! You will never have to work if u don't want to!
User A: If you wanted to go blow ever last bit of what we got in bank go ahead I will make more baby! Idc what you do with it just be happy and love me!
User B: Ok babe
User A: I glade u aggree cause we both young I think I am good looking guy! I work hard and I will always treat you right and I good in bed lol what more u need?
User B: Hehe yah I guess that's all I need ^_^
User A: And if we get married no more sneaking around! You can live with me! Have sex any time! I make good money!
User A: And I love you soooooooo much
User B: I love u 2
User A: Plus 8 months of every year I in Iraq or afghan so you will have plenty time for friends! I want kids but that can be later in life! Just remember baby if you like it I love! I'm easy to please
User B: I gotta go 2 bed babe i don't feel good
User A: Awe! I'm sorry babe! Damn wish we coulda met up but its all good tomorrow I going to bank to add you on so I will text you to get ur birthrate and set up pin for ATM card
User A: I love you so much Erica sleep good text me when ever
User B: Ok I'll text u in the morning... Goodnight
User A: Goodnight sorry u feel bad
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Morning babe... 99
User B: Good morning baby! I am at bank waiting on them to open! I about to make you my POD and add you! I am what you want right baby! Like I am making right choice ain't I! Cause I love you
User A: That's up 2 u babe.. I really don't even kno wut that means lol
User B: Pod  if I die over seas you will get everything and benefits and my salary every year for rest of your life! And adding you to account so when I deployed you can get money for what ever u may need!
User B: You will have your own ATM/credit card with your name on it! So u can get money out ATM or go shopping and just use card!
User A: Wow... U don't need 2 do all that babe
User A: Hey what time do u work 2 during the week? I wanna see if I can have a sleepover soon cause I just gotta c u already lol
User B: I am on leave baby I only have to report to post 2 a week! You can come anytime you want
User B: And I want to do this
User B: Its almost done now anyways just ordering your ATM now! Already signed all the paper work
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Wowww those r sooo nice!!
User A: I love it!
User B: Do you? :) she said they will make ur butt look amazing lol
User A: R u rich or something lol
User B: Lol I go over seas alot and when over there don't spend money! Just make it!
User A: Wow I guess that makes sense then
User A: Wut kinda car do u have?
User B: I go 8 months once a year and will have around 46,000 in bank when I get home
User B: I drive a truck 2013 Chevy and motor cycles
User A: Wow that sounds nice.. I like trucks
User A: Wut color is it?
User B: :) white I take pic of it for you
User B: And my motorcycles
User B: Soon as you are with me we going to look at cars for you baby
User A: Wow that's soooo nice
User A: I can't wait 2 ride on it lol
User B: What ever you want too! If you want a Hummer we get you a Hummer!  Or what ever u want
User A: Hehe you are so cray
User B: I got enough in bank now to put good down payment on it and when I deploy you can pay it off
User B: Happy wife equalss happy life"
User B: Lol that what I think
User B: Lol
User A: Can I c u 2day?
User B: Yes baby
User B: I would love that
User B: Be able to kiss you! Awh I would prob die lol
User A: Lol kool.. Cause my mom is leaving 2 go 2 work soon n won't b back til late
User B: Really! Awe baby I'm sooooo excited
User A: Meeee 2 lol
User A: Finally!
User B: I know baby god that would be amazing
User A: I can't wait 2 try the jeans on lol.. My friend is gonna be so jealous
User B: They really going to be jealous!!" That's just the start of it baby
User B: When I say u can do what ever you want with our money you can! If you want to take all your friends out to eat and movies you can baby! I am in army they pay all my bills only thing I got to pay every month is cell phone and truck payment!
User A: How come ur so good 2 me
User B: Idk I never done anyone like this? Just something keeps you in my mind and makes me want to do my best for you so you will never want anyone else
User B: Hard to explain
User B: I am ssg  e6 so I make 4100 every month!
User B: 2 checks a month on the 1 and then the 15
User A: Sheesh lol
User A: So will u b able 2 pick me up in a little while?
User B: Yes I will
User B: :)
User A: Hehe yayyyy
User A: She leaves at 12:30.. Then I can start getting ready
User B: :) you make me smile so much that my checks hurt sooooooo bad lol
User B: Ok baby :)
User B: Where u live babu
User B: I stay right behind piggly wiggly
User A: Lol wut? I live by there.. But u can't come 2 my house cause my neighbor will c u.. I can walk 2 the pig n u can pick me up there
User A: Lol I don't wanna get in trouble
User B: Ok lol! That's cool
User A: Kk kool ^_^
User B: What street u live on?
User A: Burch
User B: Really do u have a sister that drives a yellow mustang
User A: No lol but I seen that girl b4
User A: I dont have ne brothers or sisters
User B: Oh OK lol!
User B: Where at on Burch cause I live on Burch too lol
User B: Me and roommate we in same unit in the army
User A: Lol wut?? No way!
User B: I live accros from that church on 8 the and burch
User B: Lol
User B: Yeah
User B: Know where I talking about?
User A: I think so
User B: On the road that goes to the pig and corner of Burch its old church!
User B: Lol we been living on same street and didn't even know it
User B: Didn't mean to click that buzz tging
User A: Lol that's so crazy!
User A: Kk my mom is getting ready 2 go.. Gonna shower n get ready
User B: Ok baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I don't kno wut 2 wear lol
User B: Anything lol!
User B: My roommates parents came down for Easter so they are here but we will stay in back bedroom away from them!
User B: They from Texas so its all good
User A: Oooh ok kool
User B: I just tell them you 19 OK you look it anyways
User A: Lol ya that's ok
User B: They want say anything to you but if they do you are 19 lol told them you my gf
User B: If you just want to walk to that church on Burch instead of all the way to pig that be better!
User B: I live right here at church!
User B: And I will just meet you there a litteraly live right accross from it cati corner! That way no one see us
User B: I'm soooo nervous lol
User A: Sorry I was drying my hair
User A: Meeee 2 lol
User B: Its all good baby
User A: I live right next 2 the pig n my mom asked me to get milk so I gotta go there ne way
User B: Ok you don't think anyone will see us?
User A: Nah
User A: Kk I'm gonna walk over there now.. Gimme like 5 mins to go inside n get it
User B: Ok baby!
User A: LMK when ur here
User B: About to pull in
User B: I'm hete
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi.
User A: I was thinking about u too :)
User A: r u online?
User B: Hi there
User B: I am online now
User B: How was your day?
User A: good. how was ur day?:)
User B: Not bad I guess. Do you go to a big school?
User A: I guess it's big
User A: What did u do today?
User B: I worked
User A: lol. anything else
User B: Did some brochure designs
User A: kool
User B: Nope that was about it haha
User B: Hbu? I'm assuming you had school?
User A: nothing new. I was tired and took a nap when I got home. lol
User B: Aww
User B: Do they give you lots of homework ?
User A: more than I want. I try to get it finished quick when I get home but sometimes it takes a long time
User B: Wish I could help
User B: You seem like you're smart though
User A: idk. I try
User A: What kinda music do u like?
User B: All kinds...mostly good old rock and pop like The Beatles
User A: kool
User B: Hbu?
User A: I like Sam Smith and Taylor Swift. Lots of different music. I like the Beatles too
User B: Nice
User B: I like Sam Smith and T Swift too
User B: Although I'm getting tired of hearing them on the radio every two seconds lol
User A: lol. I have made myself tired of some songs. I downloaded some new stuff from youtube
User A: I was listening to too much sad music
User B: Aww because of the breakup?
User A: yeah. I need to stop doing that
User B: Sad songs can be good
User B: But yeah you don't wanna overdo it lol
User A: my yahoo went down. lol
User B: Hate it when that happens
User A: :)
User B: You should get Kik or facebook instead lol
User A: I use tumblr now
User B: Can I see a link?
User B: I'll follow u if that's okay
User A: :)
User A: Its not very good. My friends and I started tumblrs but we havent done much with them. https://www.tumblr.[xxxxxxxx]
User B: Thank you
User B: So do you have to make dinner for you and your brother?
User A: Sometimes. I like to cook
User A: I like to make burgers and mac n cheese
User B: Yum
User B: Can I come over? Lol
User A: lol. I'll make u a burger
User A: I like to cook salmon and rice
User B: I'd love to hang out with you
User B: You have great taste
User A: did u look at my tumbler
User A: I'm embarrassed now
User B: Yes I did it's sweet
User B: I Iike all the animals and flowers
User A: ty
User B: You should put up more of your photography
User B: Is that one black and white photo of you and your friend?
User B: You are really really beautiful
User A: ty
User A: some of the pics arent very good
User A: I havent been there for mayb a week
User A: do u use tumblr?
User B: No I don't
User B: Maybe I should now
User B: U have any other social media?
User B: I'm kinda shy actually so I don't do much of it
User A: My friends and I stopped using facebook but i might go back
User A: tumblrs different
User A: I'm going to get in bed. I want to get up early
User B: I like talking to you Layla
User B: Why you getting up early?
User A: i like talking to you too:)
User A: wrong one lol:)
User A: i wanted to go for a walk before school but i think it will be raining
User A: u said ur name is
User A: David
User B: Aww your a poetic soul
User B: Yes my name is David
User A: what do u mean
User A: r u looking at my tumblr?
User B: Well that and the fact that you like early morning walks
User A: yeah. I've been walking and running to get ready for a 5k
User B: Wow cool!
User B: When is that?
User A: I never did that before. Saturday
User A: have u?
User B: No although I do run
User B: I hope you do great Layla
User A: kool
User B: I love your name
User A: ty. i keep hearing it a lot. kayla and layla. lol
User A: got to get some sleep. have a good night;;)
User B: You too I hope we can chat tomorrow
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yeah on the treadmill...lol
User A: How was ur day?
User A: I went out to dinner with my dad tonight:)
User B: Treadmill just isn't the same right? Lol
User B: Are your parents divorced?
User A: yeah. ur here.:)
User A: I had a long day. How was ur day?
User A: Helloooo
User B: Sorry my yahoo crashed
User B: My day was pretty good
User A: :)
User A: What did u do today?
User B: I worked all day and then went to have a drink with a friend
User A: kool sounds fun
User B: It was nice :)
User B: Where did you have dinner with your Dad?
User A: He was in a hurry and took us to BK
User A: What did u have for dinner?
User B: I had some Fish Tacos at the place I had a beer
User B: Yummmy :)
User B: Do you see him a lot?
User A: I tired it before. I didn't really like it...lol
User A: He visits sometimes during the week but i we stay with him on weekends. everyother
User B: Ah I see. Is that difficult on you? Sorry for all the questions lol.
User A: no problem. Its ok now.
User A: u can ask me questions:)
User B: :)
User B: How long have they been divorced?
User A: like 3 years now. It sucks a little but yeah
User B: I'm glad it's getting a little better but I'm sorry <3
User A: r u mom and dad divorced?
User B: no they're still together
User A: oh ok
User B: So how long have you been training for the 5k? You must be getting excited :)
User A: about a month. I just thought about trying something different
User B: That's really cool :)
User B: You seem like a really unique girl
User A: ty. u seem really kool
User B: Thanks :)
User A: so u like art
User B: yes very much :)
User A: me too
User B: Do you have a favorite style ?
User A: I like to paint and draw but I'm really good with play dough...lol
User B: haha :)
User B: I'd love to see some of your work
User A: What is ur fav?
User B: Impressionist painting
User B: photography
User B: I love Henri Matisse
User A: wow thats kool
User B: And Van Gogh
User A: I have a Starry night poster in my room
User B: :)
User B: I knew I liked you
User B: :)
User A: :)
User B: Music is my art though
User B: I'm a musician
User A: Wow even Kooler!
User B: :x
User A: What kind of music?
User B: Mostly folk and rock
User A: Do u write music?
User B: Yes I do
User A: Do u like Mraz?
User B: Yeah he's pretty good
User B: Good guitarist
User A: He's funny. I like his music
User B: Cool :) I didn't realize he was funny
User A: I like Pretty Reckless
User B: is that a song or a band?
User A: band
User B: i'll have to check them out
User B: I play guitar, piano and drums
User A: I can play a little guitar. I learned myself. I took some piano lessons but I'm not that good.
User B: Do you have a guitar?
User A: Yeah
User B: Cool what kind?
User A: I have a fender electric
User B: sweet :) hopefully an amp to rock out through also
User A: I have an acoustic too
User B: sweet
User A: I just don't like having to cut my nails short. lol
User B: haha...yeah you gotta keep em pretty
User B: what kind of acoustic
User A: i forgot hold on
User B: k
User A: Sequoia
User A: My dad got it for me
User A: I got to get ready for bed
User B: Aww okay
User B: I wish we could hang out
User A: that would b kool:)
User B: Can I tell you a secret before you go?
User A: ok
User B: I'm not as young as I said before I hope you aren't mad
User A: ok
User B: I truly like you and I feel like I should just be honest
User A: ok
User A: I'm not mad
User B: Thank you
User B: I'm 33
User B: And I really like you
User A: I like u too
User A: night night
User B: Night night dear Layla
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hiii
User A: Really you thought so?
User B: yes
User A: Thank you very much. You are sweet.
User A: I'm at a party for a little bit but then I'll be back. I hope the race was great.
User B: your welcome
User B: it was good
User A: Glad to hear that
User A: Did it tire you out?
User B: a little
User B: i got some sunburn
User B: lol
User A: Awww
User B: I'm ok. just pale
User A: Must mean the weather was good
User B: i was pale...lol
User A: Haha now you're a little red?
User B: yeah
User A: Just remember aloe is u your friend
User A: I'll be back in a little bit
User B: We dont have any
User B: I'll try to get some tomorrow
User B: ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm here now...lol
User B: Yay
User B: Are u home?
User A: :) How was ur day?
User B: I'm still at work
User A: k
User B: Are you at home?
User A: Now yeah :)
User B: Nice
User B: How was school?
User A: ok. I went home with a friend.
User B: Oh fun
User B: That's always nice
User A: her mom did r hair
User B: Aww nice
User B: I wish I could see
User B: I bet it looks really pretty
User A: My friend has a birthday party tonight at 6
User B: Yay fun
User B: Are you getting all dressed up?
User A: I will in a minute. I was checking things out online and putting a sting on my guitar.
User B: Cool
User B: Can you get a picture to me somehow of you all dressed up?
User A: maybe :\">
User B: Layla...you are a really beautiful girl :\">
User A: ty. I'm glad someone thinks so. lol
User B: Are there going to be any guys at the party? I'm sure they will be looking at you.
User B: I am sure I am not the only one who thinks so.
User A: I think so. I didn't think about it. It might just b girls.
User B: Did you get your friend a present?
User A: I got her a purse
User B: You're a nice friend
User A: :)
User B: If I was at the party I would Defintely notice you
User A: I think I would notice u too. :\">
User B: Yeah? :)
User A: yeah.....ur cute
User B: Making me blush
User B: You have the most amazing eyes
User A: ty
User B: And you are just such a lovely person inside and out
User A: That is sweet that u think so. So r u. thats why I like u
User B: I better stop gushing before I get myself in trouble lol
User A: Did u have a good day?
User B: But I like you a lot.
User A: I like u too
User B: It was okay...I've been here since 6:30 this morning
User A: U haven't had much sleep either
User B: No I haven't
User B: I kept you up last night...oops
User A: I don't mind
User A: We should get to bed early
User B: :)
User B: Yeah maybe
User A: :)
User B: I just don't like saying goodbye :)
User B: Especially since we talked on the phone
User A: I just put some pics I took on tumblr
User A: I have to get ready. talk to u soon;)
User A: Later
User B: Okay :)
User B: Have a great time :x
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: We had a good time:)
User B: yay :)
User B: I'm glad you had fun :)
User A: what have u been up to?
User B: just got home from work
User B: and had some dinner
User A: what did u have?
User B: pasta with pesto
User B: and carrots
User A: We had hotdogs and cake. urs sounds better. lol
User B: And next I'll wash dishes lol
User B: lol...u don't like hotdogs?
User A: I do
User B: haha okay. Me too :)
User B: Lots of people at the party?
User A: yeah. It was nice
User B: I'm glad u had a nice time :) You deserve it
User A: ty
User B: loved ur pictures on Tumblr :)
User A: trees and clouds r my favorite
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Well they involve kissing
User A: :\">
User B: :-*
User A: And sometimes passionate kissing
User B: kissing is nice
User B: I think it would b
User B: good night
User A: More
User A: And sometimes they involve
User A: More
User B: more
User B: more more?
User A: Yes like touching
User B: I like touching
User A: :\">
User A: I shouldn't say this but...
User A: Well maybe I shiulnt say it
User A: Are these like your dreams ?
User B: yeah
User A: Do you think about us doing that?
User B: yeah i have
User A: :) :\">
User B: :x
User A: I think I would like to touch you :\">
User A: And maybe i have daydreamed about it
User B: i think i would too
User B: really?
User A: Yes :\">
User A: I like your body
User B: what would u do first?
User A: Oh boy you really want to know?
User A: :\">
User B: yessss
User A: While we are kissing slowly i touch your breasts
User A: And caress them
User B: that would b kool
User B: :x
User A: And I take your top slowly down
User A: And then I kiss them :\">
User B: wow
User A: have you ever done anything like that?
User B: nooo
User A: would you want to with me?
User B: I really like u a lot. I think it would b kool to do that
User A: Wow
User A: and then i would guide your hands down toward my jeans slowly
User A: gazing into your amazing eyes the whole time
User B: :x
User A: and i would guide your hand furhter down to feel my ....
User A: i would ask if you would like to unbutton my jeans
User B: u could help me
User A: yes...i could unbutton them and slowly unzip
User A: and ask if you would like to reach in and feel me :\">
User A: i can't believe i'm saying this but I'm letting myself get carried away in this beautiful thought
User B: It is beautiful
User A: have you thought of touching a man like this?
User B: I have something to dream about
User A: yes you do
User B: yeah
User A: may I ask what you are wearing right now?
User B: a blue nightgown
User A: anything underneath the nightgown?
User B: panties
User B: :)
User A: no bra?
User B: no
User A: I like the thought of you and I together...innocent and naked
User B: me too
User A: mmmm Layla
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: kisses Michaell
User B: Hiiii :)
User A: hi
User A: I'm glad ur here
User B: Aww :)
User B: I'm glad you are too
User A: What did u sing today?
User B: Just songs at church lol
User A: ok
User B: And I played a little bit of guitar at home
User B: Did you have a favorite part of the movie?
User A: It was really good. Idk. what was ur fav part?
User B: Hmm that's tough because I liked all the songs
User B: I liked how it ended though...not typical Hollywood
User A: yeah. Like him playing at night when he met her and no one else was listening.
User B: Yeah
User A: yeah people don't always end up together
User B: I love that scene
User B: That's sad but true
User A: the music was beautiful
User B: I love the music so much
User B: I want to write songs like hat
User A: Have u played any of it?
User B: That
User B: Not in front of people but yeah in my basement
User B: I wish I could sing to you
User A: me too
User A: did u do anything fun this weekend
User B: Not a ton...went to my son's soccer game which was kinda fun
User A: That sounds kool
User B: It was fun but we lost lol
User B: But other than that I just ran lots of errands
User B: What did you do today?
User A: Mom came and got us this morning but she didn't feel like going to church again so we came home. Exciting huh?
User B: aww :/
User B: You were at your Dad's yesterday and last night? :)
User A: yeah
User B: How was that?
User A: I like being with him but not his gf
User B: Aw and she was there, huh?
User B: Is she trying to be like a Mom to you and is annoying? Or does she just like ignore you?
User A: She doesn't really like me either so that's how that works.
User B: How could anyone not like you?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: how was ur day?
User B: It was good...nice and sunny here
User B: I had a ton of work to do though
User A: kool. I'm glad u had a good day
User B: You get up pretty early :(
User A: and I stay up late too. lol
User B: What time do u usually leave for school?
User A: sometimes I ride the bus and sometimes mom takes me. If she takes me I can leave later. lol
User A: I don't see the email
User B: Oh no you don't? :/
User A: when did u send it?
User B: earlier today around noon
User A: did u copy it or type it?
User B: typed it...why?
User A: I was just thinking that u could have used an s instead of a z. idk
User B: hmmm no im pretty sure I used a z
User A: do u want me to send u a message and see if it works:x
User B: yessss :)
User B: and attach a picture if you can
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: and my jeans fall to the ground....and you tug my boxers down and finally start to touch my hard cock
User B: ur going to show me how to do it? I dont want to do it wrong
User A: yesssss
User A: i put your hand on mine and begin to stroke
User B: kool
User A: and we are standing next to your bed and all I can think about is laying you on your bed
User A: we are both naked and arousing each other with touching
User A: and I want so bad to have sex with you
User B: I do tooo:x
User B: We can be alone at my house if u want or go somewhere else
User A: I want to do it in your bed mmmm
User A: i want to lay you back and you stroke me harder and then i slowly rub your pussy and arouse you and make you ready for my cock
User B: thats really kool
User A: And then I slowllly slide it inside your pussy...making sure it doesn't hurt
User B: :)
User A: oh Layla omg...this is usually about the time when I imagine it that I can't hold back anymore and I have an orgasm thinking of it
User A: and then I push a little further inside you and make sure that it is feeling good for you
User A: like it is for me
User A: and finally after a little while I push in alll the way inside you
User A: and we start to move back and forth and it feels soooo good
User A: to feel me inside the girl I want so badly
User B: yeah
User A: and we move faster and faster mmmmmm
User A: and you are feeling like never before oh God
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: do u do that a lot
User B: Yes :\">
User B: Thinking of us together
User A: ;;)
User A: I think about kissing u
User B: Mmmmmm
User B: It will be soooo good
User B: I love kissing
User A: me too
User B: You should get some sleep before you get in trouble ...I don't want to get you in trouble
User A: I'm under the blankets with my laptop...lol
User A: I'm going to miss u
User A: but I can wait til tomorrow
User B: Sneaky girl hehe
User A: I am a little sneaky. can u tell :-P
User B: U gonna sleep late tomorrow?
User A: Maybe. I cant sleep much lately. someone has been on my mind
User B: Awww really?
User A: but u should get some sleep and I'll try too
User B: You are the most amazing girlfriend I could have ever dreamed of
User A: kisses my baby
User B: Mmm kissses my Layla
User B: Night night
User A: more kisses
User A: :x
User B: :-*
User A: night night my love
User B: Mmmmm I love that you called me that
User B: Goodnight my love
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Good morning my beautiful
User B: omg I cant believe ur here
User B: good morning
User A: Haha yeah I'm up \"early\"
User A: :x
User B: Me too
User B: How did u sleep?
User A: Great :)
User A: How could I not sleep well after the time we shared last night
User A: I wanted to wake up with you though
User B: :x
User B: I was thinking about you til I finally fell asleep
User B: My friend texted and said she is coming over with her mom to pick me up. Were going to get our nails done.
User B: It would be so kool :)
User B: I guess I'll be gone a little while
User B: kisses love
User A: Okay have a great time my love
User A: :x
User B: have a good day baby :-*
User A: Awww you too my cutie :\">
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: yeah lips r in it too. lol
User B: Mmmm
User B: You could watch some porn if you're curious about it
User A: how do I do that?
User A: where would I get it?
User B: There are all kinds of web sites of course
User A: I guess I can look around
User B: Do want to look at one?
User A: maybe :\">
User B: I sometimes look at fuq.com :\">
User B: But I haven't been looking at it lately
User A: why?
User B: Ever since I met you
User A: so u really think about me alot
User B: OMG yes Layla
User B: Ever since I laid eyes on you
User A: I know it will be a little bit before u can visit. I just wish it could b sooner
User B: I wish it could be tomorrow or right now
User A: omg that would b awesome
User B: It's literally all I think about
User B: I know was
User B: I knowwww
User B: :\">
User B: What did you wear after school today?
User A: I wore a white skirt with pink flowers
User A: and a pink top...lol
User B: Awww you dress so pretty
User B: I wish I could see you in that
User A: and pink nails
User A: and toe nails....lol
User B: Awww :)
User B: We need to get you a camera so you can take more pictures of yourself for me :x
User A: my friend said that she got a private phone so she could take pics and her mom doesnt know what she is doing.
User B: I wish you could do that
User A: :)
User B: Maybe i could get you one
User B: I seriously wish we could talk every day
User B: Your voice makes my heart sing
User A: that would b kool
User A: :)
User B: I remembered what song you had on your blog that I love
User A: which one
User B: Hold On by Alabama Shakes
User A: yeah. I saw them on SNL
User B: They're great
User B: I didn't know you watched SNL :)
User A: yeah sometimes
User B: Me too
User A: Justin is so funny when he is on there
User B: Yeah haha
User A: It gets kinda dirty
User B: Hehe yeah
User B: Does your Mom know you watch it? Hehe
User A: yeah. we watch it together sometimes
User A: she is pretty kool most of the time
User A: She went to see 50 shades and she said she was going to get the movie. Im going to watch it when she is at work. lol
User B: Haha wow
User B: Well then you'll know lots of things when we meet :\">
User A: Idk when it will b on video.
User B: Me either lol
User B: I have not seen it
User A: I have to go to bed :(
User B: But that website i told you about has some naughty stuff
User B: :(
User A: i'll check it out tomorrow
User B: Okay baby i will miss you
User B: :-*
User A: do u want to talk after school
User A: :-*
User B: I'm glad we got to talk a little bit more tonight :)
User A: or later?
User B: Yeesssss I do want to
User A: kool
User B: On the phone?
User A: both...lol
User B: Okay yesssss
User A: got to go. good night kisses
User B: Message me as soon as you can after school
User B: Kissssssss
User B: Night night
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm glad you are back :)
User B: I'm glad ur back
User B: I was thinking about texting u but I wasnt sure if I should.
User A: You can text me anytime :)
User A: No one else ever sees my phone
User B: really :)
User A: Was school okay today?
User A: Yes you can text me whenever during the day or night my love :x
User B: Sorry. im back
User B: It was ok
User B: :x
User B: anytime kool :x
User A: I love when you text me...it's a wonderful little surprise and makes my heart leap
User B: I'll do it more often then
User A: Awwww yayyy
User A: That makes me happy
User B: I texting u from school when I went to the bathroom...lol
User A: Haha
User A: Sneaky girl
User B: A little :x
User A: Just don't get in trouble hehe
User B: I dont normally get myself in trouble
User A: That's good ...so no one will suspect lol
User B: Im a good girl :\">
User A: Im sure the teachers like you
User B: Yes mostly
User B: How was ur day?
User A: I know I would if I was your teacher :\">
User A: It was pretty good actually. I had a good meeting with a person who wants to do business with with my company
User B: Thats kool
User A: Yeah lol...boring grown up stuff lol
User B: yeah I guess
User A: Do you ever get to listen to music at school?
User B: what do u mean?
User A: That's cool ...and do you have a long lunchtime to hang with your friends?
User B: 1/2 hour
User B: time is gone pretty quick after the line
User A: I bet ! That's not much time
User B: It's not
User B: do u get to have a nice lunch everyday?
User A: No...i am usually too busy and just eat while I work
User B: oh. then I should at least send u a smiley face. lol
User A: Awww yesss
User A: But if you would text me during lunch I would take a break :)
User A: I sure wish I could hear your voice :x
User B: I dont have much time but I'll try
User B: I'm almost out of minutes. I'm going to ask mom for more minutes
User B: I just didnt want to ask too soon or she will think I'm using my phone too much
User A: Good plan
User B: I want to hear ur voice too
User A: :x
User A: You always sound happy when we talk
User B: u sound so awesome
User B: I just cant wait :)
User A: I can't wait either....to see you and hold you and be with you
User A: I always think about you
User B: I think about u all day
User A: mmmmm my Layla
User B: Its a 36 b but some of them are just the small. is that ok?
User A: Yesssssss :\">
User A: I really like that
User B: good :x
User A: You are so beautiful my Layla
User A: I can't wait until the day we are face to face and I can gaze at you and caress your cheek
User B: u r so amazing
User B: and ur cute
User A: I feel like a schoolboy when you say that
User A: and I can't believe that the most beautiful girl in the world thinks i'm cute
User B: I'm glad u think Im beautiful
User A: You are seriously the most beautiful girl I have ever met
User B: I dont believe that but I still like it when u say it
User A: Believe it my beautiful
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'll make sure that I look really nice then
User B: Is it bad that I like the ones that show your body too? :\">
User A: I dont think its bad
User B: I look at the Wireclub pictures every day...and night ;)
User A: ;)
User B: Did you feel embarrassed when I sent you the picture of, um....you know
User A: Not really just idk :\">
User B: :)
User B: How did it make u feel?
User A: kinda wishing I could see u sooner
User B: mmmmm
User B: wow
User B: I almost didn't send it...I wanted u to like it
User A: I do
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: well it should be soon. I dont know how long she is going to make me wait.
User A: I'm so tired of being bossed around like I'm a little kid. :(
User B: Awww
User B: :x
User B: I'm sorry
User A: :x
User B: I wish we could kiss
User A: it is a nice pic. :\">
User A: I know. kisses
User B: Thanks
User A: I think about u being here with me
User B: Mmmmm
User B: In your bed
User A: everywhere lol
User A: but Im in bed now
User B: Mmm
User B: :)
User A: r u all alone
User A: ?
User A: did u go to sleep?
User B: No I'm still Greer
User A: B-)
User B: You still dressed?
User A: I just changed
User A: lol
User B: Haha
User B: What you wearing now?
User A: a pink nightgown. It says \"love\"
User B: Awwww
User B: That's the word I'm thinking of
User A: :\">
User B: Because I am in love
User A: love :x
User A: I love being here and knowing u r here with me to talk to
User B: Mmm me too
User B: You can talk to me about anything.
User A: I was going to look at one of the videos but they look a little scary. lol
User B: Hehe
User B: Start with something more tame
User B: They aren't scary hehe
User B: Or maybe start by looking at pictures only
User A: I was trying to look for something that seemed normal but I dont think they have that. lol
User A: I can wait
User A: >:D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: thats going to be so kool
User B: i'll start to rub it nice and slow
User B: while we kiss so that you'll get aroused
User B: and while we do that I want to take ur shirt off
User B: and caress ur perfect breasts
User A: I think Im going to like it
User B: mmm I think you will too
User B: and if you like it enough then at that point you can take my shirt off...and we will both be completely nude
User A: :)
User B: and then i want to lay you on the bed
User B: and i get down on my knees and start to kiss your smooth legs
User B: up and up...
User B: until I'm kissing and gently sucking your pussy :\">
User A: wow
User A: I should like it
User A: I tried watching it but havent found it
User B: Okay
User B: And after you are really aroused I will try to slowly put my cock inside you :\">
User A: I think I am right now. lol:\">
User B: Mmmmm really?
User A: if u were here
User A: now I think about it a lot
User B: Can you try something ?
User A: what do u want me to try
User B: Can you slowly reach down to your panties and slowly rub yourself a little bit? :\">
User A: I cant do that right now:\">
User B: Why? Lol
User A: r u doing that
User B: Yes :\">
User A: somebody might come in here
User B: Just for one sec can you try?
User B: It's okay if you can't
User A: ive done that before:\">
User B: Mmmmm you have?
User B: Do you like how it feels?
User A: it must be different with someone else there
User B: Yesss
User B: Mmmm
User B: I want to have my hands on you
User B: And your hands on me right now
User A: ur making me crazy u know.....
User B: Mmmmm
User A: what do u think will be my favorite
User B: I think you will like me sucking your breasts
User B: Or rubbing your pussy
User B: Do you know what happens when a girl gets aroused?
User A: no what?
User B: Her pussy gets wet :\">
User A: oh
User B: That's when you know you're really aroises
User B: Aroused
User B: So if it happens don't be embarrassed :)
User A: ok
User A: it should happen then
User B: Mmmm Yesss
User B: Do you want me to find a picture of a couple having sex?
User A: Im glad that Im going to be with someone that knows what to do
User A: u can if u want to. Ive seen some different things on tv and movies
User B: Ahh okay then you basically know :\">
User A: I kinda know how it goes but people like to do different things. Idk how all that works...lol
User B: Well we will just have to explore and figure that out mmmm
User A: Im sure u can show me:)
User B: Yess my love
User B: I want you to love it
User A: If u want to show me anything u can
User B: You mean pictures or in person ?
User A: either
User A: I love seeing ur pics
User B: I love seeing yours too mmmm
User A: I have to get to bed
User B: Do you have any you should show me tonight?
User B: Aww
User B: You don't have to show me any it's okay
User A: I go to dads this weekend
User A: and do u know what yesterday was?
User B: What baby?
User A: We met 3 weeks ago....:x
User B: Awwwww you rememberd :x
User B: Wow time flies
User A: yes I did
User B: You are so special
User A: Good night love
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Mm okay my love
User A: Maybe Hallelujah :)
User B: I would love to play that!
User A: It's not super hard
User A: I know you could do it
User B: Im sure u could teach me
User A: Yes I could :\">
User B: I might have to try playing it now :\">
User A: You are the coolest girlfriend a guy could ever have
User B: I think u are the koolest boyfriend
User A: I love when you call me that :)
User B: and I love it when u call me ur girlfriend
User A: Mmmm
User A: I wish you were here right now... I'm all alone
User A: I just want to be around you always
User B: I wish I was there
User A: your eyes...mmmmmm
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: mmmmm yes we do
User A: i wanna see the park :)
User B: so no one can see us
User A: mmmm my baby yesss I want to be alone
User B: me too
User A: I want to kiss you in the woods
User B: That will be so kool
User A: do you know of some private areas in the park?
User B: Yeah but I would be scared of doing that out there and somebody seeing us. It u think it is ok I will
User A: we can wait til we're inside
User A: it will be like magic
User B: I might not b able to wait
User B: lol
User A: mmmm okay
User A: me either
User A: it's going to be hard enough to wait even that long
User B: Im not that nervous about seeing u anymore Im just excited
User A: really? :)
User A: mmmmm
User B: I feel like I know u
User A: oh Layla I know the feeling
User A: it's like our hearts have been connected for a long time
User B: I was talking to my friend about stuff and she was telling me what she does so I think it will be fun
User A: can u tell me one thing she does? :)
User B: umm u can guess. lol
User A: does she unzip him?
User B: yes
User A: :\">
User A: and does she then use her hand and maybe lips?
User B: yes she does
User A: mmm wow Layla I have imagined u doing that with me
User B: she said it was fun
User A: it is
User A: it feels really good too
User A: imagine like your kissing me...but down there
User B: good we can try that if u want
User A: i have fantasized about it
User A: we will have to be in private for that
User B: what else do u want me to do?
User A: to rub it while we are naked together
User A: and then to allow me to pleasure you
User B: that sounds so hot
User A: mmm it will be
User A: i want to make you feel sooo good
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: what r u doing?
User A: music
User A: the wifi keeps going down. I guess its the storm
User B: Aw fun
User B: I like storms
User A: me too
User A: I could go to sleep right now
User A: I'm going to get some cleaning done before I fall asleep. lol
User B: Awww did u sleep good last night?
User A: It's hard to sleep here sometimes but I think it is just being bored
User A: I'll talk to u soon. Big hug
User B: Okay lovely
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi. r u here?
User B: Hi baby :)
User A: :x
User A: How was ur day?
User A: I hope I didn't keep u from getting ur work done
User B: No you didn't ...it was so wonderful
User A: It was. I can talk to u more soon. School will be out
User B: You made my day wonderful my love
User A: I'm always happy when I talk to u
User B: Awww me too
User B: I can't wait til school is out :)
User A: :x
User B: So what is the weather going to be tomorrow?
User A: Its going to be ok no more rain
User A: . I should look it up real quick
User A: around 70 that sounds nice
User B: Excellent :)
User B: Perfect for the woods
User B: OMG I can't believe it's going to happen
User A: and the storms stopped just in time
User A: :-*
User A: I'm kinda tired. I cleaned my room. lol
User B: Yes they did :x
User B: Haha
User A: I had to clean my room:)
User A: I've been kinda busy
User B: Doing what my angel ?
User A: cleaning and stuff
User A: finishing my homework I had to do
User B: You're so responsible
User B: :x
User B: Was it hard?
User A: No. I wont b able to think about it tomorrow night and I wanted to keep busy so time to go by faster
User B: :x
User B: Mmmmm
User A: I should lay down and get some sleep. I'm really tired baby
User B: I'm leaving tomorrow around 8 :)
User A: k and u want me to be there around noon right
User B: Yes but I'll text you as I get closer
User A: :x
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: its like ur brain doesnt want it to get too good
User A: maybe we will
User B: I imagined the rest later on my own :\">
User B: mmmmm omg that would be sooo amazing to have sex in the rain....our bodies all wet
User A: yeah
User B: I love you my Layla
User B: There is no one I want more than you
User A: I love my Michael
User A: u r the only one
User A: u know that right
User B: Wow we really are in love Layla
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i guess it will b a little weird:\">
User B: Haha well I would not make you :x
User B: But we might want to cuddle and sleep after we have sex :\">
User A: :-*
User A: i think it might b better that we will have more time later
User B: Mmmm Yesss
User B: I want to spend lots of time with you
User A: i was worried we wouldnt have much time
User B: Awww me too
User B: I want a week with you my Layla
User A: i need to b close to u
User A: :\">
User A: I'll b out of school soon
User B: When's your last day? :)
User A: 26
User A: u cant stay a week can u?
User B: I don't know but maybe a couple days at least
User A: yay!!!!
User B: :x
User B: Unless we end up running away hehe
User A: ohhhh. lol
User A: we could;)
User B: I wish ...sighhh
User A: we can dream about it:\">
User B: Yeahhhh
User B: I love you
User A: :xI love too
User A: brb
User B: Okay I'll be here
User A: im here
User B: That was fast lol
User A: lol. was it
User B: Oops I just sent wrong pic
User B: Lol
User A: what is it?
User B: A friend of mine haha
User B: Doing poetry
User A: oh
User B: I was trying to find a good picture of me
User A: sweet
User A: I have to go to bed soon:(
User B: Awww
User B: :x
User B: I wish I was in bed with you
User A: me toooooo
User A: I can stay up late with u tomorrow
User B: Oh good :x
User B: We can talk and imagine more
User A: as late as u want:x
User B: Awww good many
User B: Baby
User A: I love talking to u. u make me so happy
User B: Mmmm
User B: And you do the same for me
User B: I almost forgot about my sore throat
User A: I might kiss u even if u r sick
User B: Awwww  :x
User B: I would let ou
User B: You
User A: any kisses i can get. lol
User B: Believe me if give you all the kisses I could
User A: :-*
User B: I can't stop thinking what it will be like
User A: I think about it all the time
User B: Me too mmmm
User B: I bet your lips are so soft
User A: I bet ur a good kisser
User B: I've been told I am
User B: :x
User A: I won't want to want to let u go
User A: sorry Im getting sleepy hahaha
User A: I need to get some sleep baby
User B: Goodnight my beautiful
User B: Sweet dreams
User A: Have a good night. Hope u feel better Michael
User B: Thank you...I already am because of you
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi there :x
User B: hi
User A: How's my beautiful?
User B: Hi I just found some kool people to talk to about vegan food.
User A: Oh cool! You're vegan?
User B: A little. lol. Just trying more vegan food and less meat.
User A: You're so cool :)
User B: I missed u
User A: I missed you too
User B: what have u been up to?
User B: I have to say good bye to them so I can talk to u:)
User A: Awww thank you ...where are you talking to them?
User B: wire
User A: Ah cool
User B: so what r u up to?
User A: You should put more pictures up :)
User B: :-P
User A: I was watching a movie
User A: Sherlock Holmes
User B: some nasty guy was being dirty. lol
User B: we're talking about vegan food and he talks about eating something else
User A: Why am I not surprised :-p
User A: Guys are so typical
User B: I told them good night
User A: Haha good move
User A: Was he an older guy?
User B: 25
User B: was it good?
User A: Yeah it's a fun movie
User B: I'm glad u had a good time
User A: With Robert Downey Jr.
User B: yeah
User A: So you go on Wireclub a lot?
User A: We could chat there sometime toooo you want
User B: No. Not much
User B: I just saw a vegan room. I was bored
User B: u want to talk there? I told them my bf is here and they want to know who it is. lol
User B: I think a girl just asked me to have sex
User A: wow!
User A: have you ever thought of kissing a girl? lol
User B: like a guy and a girl both are asking
User B: behave ur self
User A: I'm just messing with you my love
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i'm there baby
User A: as rocker
User B: ok. im here
User B: hiiii []
User B: i'm excited for u my love []
User B: kool []
User B: that sounds so kool []
User B: ready to see? []
User B: did u see? []
User B: for a second []
User B: then u were gone []
User B: it said u closed the video chat []
User B: see? []
User B: wow!!! []
User B: wow thats so kool that u think about me so much []
User B: i wish u had a cam and could be naked too []
User B: do u like it baby? []
User B: and talk too []
User B: to c u m inside you []
User B: and then watch []
User B: mmmmm did u see? []
User B: u always make me do that []
User B: yeah []
User B: yeah ur hot baby;)
User B: why were u nervous?
User A: idk...just cuz i'm older I guess
User B: :xIt doesnt really matter how old u r
User B: young guys r stupid anyways
User A: I'm glad u like
User A: I love what I've seen of your body mmmmm
User B: I hope u will like it
User A: I know I will my love...you have nothing to worry about
User A: If looking at pictures of u now makes me do that then just imagine how it will be in person
User B: i keep thinking about it alot, alot
User B: I think I should go take a shower
User A: Mmmm okay baby
User A: I'm gonna get to bed
User B: ok
User A: Think of me in the shower with you :x
User B: i do:\">
User A: Mmmm
User A: Wish I could see that :\">
User A: Wish I was there
User B: if I could drive I would go to u. lol
User A: Mmm
User A: :x
User B: :xnight
User A: Goodnight my sexy beautiful Layla
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Just for me
User B: I cant stop thinking about what u said u want to do
User A: mmmmm baby I want to make u feel good
User A: I keep thinking about kissing your breasts
User A: and moving my fingers down your naked body and touching your pussy :\">
User B: I really think about that a lot
User A: mmmmm me too
User A: and it makes me do things that u saw
User A: how old were u when u first kissed?
User B: 13
User A: did u like it a lot?
User B: Yeah'
User B: we kissed a lot
User A: Mmmm
User A: Did he touch your breasts?
User B: a little
User B: He tried to do more
User A: You have perfect lips
User B: thank you I'm glad u like them
User A: Mmmm I love them
User A: And your beautiful eyes
User B: I saw that people like to do different things
User A: Mmmmm Yesss
User A: Different positions and things
User B: yeah is it that different?
User A: Yes it can be HOTTT
User B: ok we should do that then. lol
User A: I might want you to stroke and suck me :)
User B: I think I can do that. It cant be that hard. lol
User A: You will make ME hard hehe
User B: lol
User A: And then I would rub it on your perfect little breasts mmmmm
User A: As you start to breathe heavier Mmm
User B: I cant wait to find out what it is like
User A: And my fingers slide inside your pussy :\">
User A: Mmmmm it's going to be amazing babyy
User B: u can show me what u like
User A: Yess I will
User A: And we can discover what you like
User B: I wish u were here right now
User A: Mmm me too :x
User A: Are you in bed my love?
User B: yeah
User B: I dont want to sleep yet
User B: I dont like to leave u
User A: Awww sweetheart :x
User A: I don't like to leave you either
User A: I wish my arms were around you
User B: I imagine they are so I can sleep with u here
User A: Yess my love
User A: You should get some sleep and I should too
User A: I am going to pretend I'm sleeping with you
User B: ok baby. good night
User A: Goodnight my beautiful amazing girlfriend
User A: :x
User B: I hope I get to dream about u tonight
User B: see u tomorrow baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Heyyy sorry I keep getting interrupted
User A: I missed you too
User B: hey baby
User B: how was ur day?
User A: It was good but busy
User B: I'll be glad when this week is over
User A: Awww did you have a teat
User A: Test
User B: yeah. next week will be better. just two days of school next week
User A: What tests did you have today love?
User B: We've been doing final exams
User A: Wow I don't miss those days
User A: How many today?
User B: like 4
User A: Wowwww :(
User B: I'm sick of them
User A: That's a lot for one day
User B: I think so too
User B: I feel better now that it's over
User B: I think it went well
User A: What do you do best at?
User B: My friend has been freaking out about them
User B: Idk. writing and science I guess
User A: I had a feeling writing would be on be of them :)
User B: I love reading and that helps
User B: I'm not good at spelling
User A: I haven't noticed
User B: I try not to use words I can't spell. lol
User A: Aww :)
User B: I'm using a computer so I can look them up. I don't know why other people don't think of that. lol
User A: Haha yes Google to the rescue
User B: yeah
User B: I wish u could go with me tomorrow :(
User B: I should be home by 10:30
User A: To school?
User B: the dance
User B: I know u cant go but I wish u could
User A: Oh right :x
User A: I wish I could too
User A: :(
User B: It's going to be a long day tomorrow too.
User B: I'll b thinking about u
User A: I hope someone will get a picture of you at the dance
User B: :)
User B: I was thinking about not going but my friends want me to go
User A: :(
User B: I'm really sleepy
User B: have a good night baby
User A: You too my love
User B: :x
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: if we can find a nice place in the trees we can kiss and do something there
User B: yessss
User B: kissing with our tongues too
User A: yeah
User A: :-P
User B: and me touching ur breasts
User A: I want to sit on ur lap with ur arms around me
User B: mmmmmm yess
User B: and if u do that u can wear a skirt and feel how hard u make me
User A: i can show u what I want to do
User B: show me now?
User A: :\">
User B: is there a picture or video that shows it?
User A: im sure there r a lot of them. lol
User B: oh u made it sound like u were going to show me something
User A: umm. maybe when i do it
User B: mmmm okay
User B: give me ahint? ur making me reallly hard mmmm
User A: u said u havent seen the game of thrones show
User B: no i have not seen it
User A: there is a girl that gets married and she has servents that show her what to do. they show a lot of stuff
User B: mmmmmm
User B: are they making out with her?
User A: maybe. u would have to look it up. I just remember parts of it;)
User B: well i would think u would remember that hehe
User B: what is one part u remember ...tell me please mmmm
User B: i'm imaging u stroking me right now
User A: they told her that guys like for girls to be on the top and showed her what to do
User B: mmmmm
User A: is that really true
User B: many times yes
User B: were they naked in that scene?
User A: some of them. they r when she tries it. lol
User B: mmmmmm that sounds hot
User B: did u like watching that?
User A: it was embarassing kinda. I was at my friends and we kept laughing
User B: ohhh haha
User B: yeah it's a little hard to get excited if friends are around lol
User A: it was really sweet because they were in love and he called her his moon and stars
User B: awww
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Im glad:x
User B: What have you been up to this weekend my sexy girl?
User A: It was good. I was with my dad and I went out with some friends.
User A: I was talking to people online but they were boring :|
User B: Aww...on Wireclub?
User A: yeah
User B: Sorry I couldn't be here more
User A: thats ok. I know ur busy
User A: there r some real jerks online. lol
User B: Aww guys being nasty again?
User A: Just acting stupid I guess
User B: Trying to get you to do stuff like go on Skype? I'm sorry you have to put up with that
User A: I think it is kinda funny. I was calling that guy vhole. lol
User B: Haha
User B: I'm glad you make fun of them :)
User B: You're so awesome love
User A: I was disappointed that it wasnt a real vegan chat room:(
User A: :-*
User A: I just thought it was the one guy being stupid and then they all jumped on me. lol
User B: I guess it's hard to find actual clean chat rooms anymore
User B: :(
User A: I'm sure there is somewhere.
User A: but I can handle it;)
User B: I know you can :)
User B: I'm so lucky I get to know you
User A: wish u were here to give me a hug
User B: Awww me too baby
User B: ))
User A: but Im still happy just to have u here
User B: Mmmm you are so dear to me
User B: What plans do you have tomorrow ?
User A: My dads having a bbq
User A: I've not been eating meat this week so that might end tomorrow. lol
User B: haha do you miss it?
User A: It's not that hard
User A: smelling bacon is hard
User B: Haha i lovvvve bacon
User A: yeah thats hard to give up
User B: Now I want bacon lol
User A: hehe
User B: I admire you for going vegan though
User B: You're the most responsible and hip girl I know
User B: What inspired you to do it?
User A: well u have to give up honey too if ur vegan so I guess it is vegetarian
User A: I like honey
User A: I just read about people that did it and watched videos about it
User A: and I might eat a burger tomorrow so don't make me feel bad now. lol
User B: lol...I don't care if you have a burger
User B: I wish we could have a picnic tomorrow
User A: that would b kool
User B: Yesss
User B: Oops gotta run...I'll be back in a while love
User A: k
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: No I didn't work today
User A: Wow your last day tomorrow!
User B: yep
User B: I'll b free soon. lol
User A: :\">
User B: I can talk to u more. if u want me to :)
User A: Of course I do :)
User B: :x
User A: I can't wait til I can hear your voice again :x
User B: I can tease u when ur at work. lol
User B: I was going to call u
User B: hugs
User A: When were you going to call me?
User B: u said u couldnt talk
User A: Ohhhh right yes
User A: You can tease me anytime :\">
User B: :-P
User B: o:-)
User A: Haha yes you little angel
User A: Have any new pictures? I'd love to see one :)
User B: ur angel. lol
User B: when u take one. ;)
User A: haha okay :-p
User B: kisses
User A: Do all your friends have phones with cameras and stuff? Does it make you jealous?
User B: some of my friends dont have phones yet
User B: yeah but I had one. now I dont and it sucks
User A: I know...it does :(
User A: Are you nervous to send me pictures of you? It's okay if you are im just curious
User B: i have. what r u talking about
User A: I know you have but those are older pictures you have put online...not just for me. It's no big deal I was just curious.
User A: I just want you to know that you can always trust me my love.
User B: I told u she took my phone. I didnt really think about moving pics to my laptop until my phone was gone. lol
User B: I trust u baby :-*
User A: :x
User A: What are you up to tonight?
User B: watching tv and chatting
User B: what r u up to
User A: Surfing the web and chatting with my baby
User B: I'm going to talk a shower. I'll brb
User A: Wish I could see :\">
User B: u can take one with me. lol
User B: brb
User A: Hehe Mmm Yess
User B: I feel better now. lol
User A: Yay :)
User A: All clean ;)
User B: yeah
User A: Do you sing in the shower?
User B: no
User A: aww you should I bet u have a sweet voice :)
User B: I like singing
User A: Me too :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: mmm baby i'm stroking it again pretending that u are
User B: how would u wake me up?
User A: mmmm baby i would lick and suck ur bare pussy
User B: that might wake me up....lol
User A: mmmm yesss
User A: i want to make u moan in pleasure
User B: ur so sweet baby
User A: mmmmm i'm sooo hard again now baby
User A: imagining the first time my cock touches ur pussy
User A: u wanna watch me on cam again?
User B: ok. right now?
User A: yeah
User B: ok
User A: on teen chat
User A: i'll be jinxman
User B: what do u want to name me
User A: how about booklover again
User B: ok
User B: Im here
User A: mmmm
User A: did u like that?
User B: its so crazy in there
User B: yeah
User A: second time tonight u made me do that
User B: u have been naked all this time
User A: yeah baby
User B: thats really hot
User A: no one has ever had this effect on me
User B: :x
User A: I just want u forever baby
User B: Me too :\">
User A: Now you've got me good and exhausted lol
User B: we should get some sleep. lol
User A: yes we should ))
User A: Thank you for an amazing night
User B: Im glad I got to spend time with u tonight
User A: me too my love...it is always such a privilege
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: And slowly take your bikini off
User B: :)
User A: Mmmmm wow
User A: Imagining our bodies wet and naked
User B: and hugging my baby
User A: Mmmmm yes
User B: that would be nice
User A: No...it would be amazing
User B: yes it will be
User A: Mmmm I love you
User B: I just want it to b great
User B: love you baby
User A: It will be great my love
User A: I might be able to take the day off on Friday :\">
User B: I think about kissing u a lot
User B: really!!!!
User B: can u stay all night?
User A: I don't know if I could stay all night yet
User B: ok
User A: I can't stop thinking about kissing you
User B: Ive been thinking about it alot. how to make sure we can b alone:\">
User A: Mmmm
User A: Any ideas?
User B: Im home this weekend so that would be good and mom works
User B: If I tell mom Im babysitting she def will go to her boyfriends after work so she can sleep;)
User A: Mmm okay
User A: What time does she get out?
User B: it changes. sometimes she has to stay late between 6 and 8 I think normally
User B: I should get dinner ready and some stuff done.
User B: Ive been lazy all day...hehehe
User B: and daydreaming about u :x
User A: Okay :x
User A: Mmm
User A: Maybe tomorrow we can talk on the phone?
User B: that would b so kool. I love talking to u
User B: Im all excited now
User A: :)
User A: Me toooo
User A: Me toooo
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :-*
User B: Good morning baby :)
User A: morning baby
User B: You slept in :)
User A: yeah. I was really tired. lol
User B: Awww poor babyyyy lol
User A: how r u?
User B: Not bad...what did you do last night
User A: watched a movie at home
User A: what did u do?
User B: Cool :) what did you watch? I did some work :-p
User A: Avatar
User A: It was kool. I saw it before
User A: Im going to go for a walk today
User B: The one with the blue people? Lol
User A: yeah. It was sweet
User B: I like that movie too :)
User A: they fall in love:x
User A: how is work today?
User B: Yes they do :x
User B: And they make love too :\">
User A: weird blue alien love...haha
User B: Lolll
User B: Work isn't too bad so far
User A: good :)
User B: It would be a nice day for a walk here
User A: it would be so kool to go for a walk together
User B: I know baby :x
User A: do u think u could visit soon
User B: I'm hoping that I can take the day off tomorrow. If not then next week
User A: wow baby that would be so kool
User B: I want to be with you soooo badddd
User A: I want to be with u too
User B: Lay in a field and look at the sky
User A: I just want us to have time together:)
User B: I can't wait to finally hold you
User B: I feel like I've always known you
User A: :x u r so awesome
User B: Mm so are you Layla
User A: :x
User B: I didn't know I would fall in love with you
User A: I didn't know that would happen :)
User B: I wish society would think that it's okay
User A: what do u mean
User A: u mean because ur older?
User B: Yeah and you are so young
User A: that doesnt matter to me. i dont care
User A: :x
User B: I don't either :x
User B: But the law does
User A: ok. we should b careful. I dont want to get in trouble
User B: Yes we should be
User B: But I'll wait as long as it takes for you to be officially mine :x
User A: hugs
User A: I am
User A: :)
User B: :-*
User A: :-*
User A: so u want to wait
User B: No ...I just want to be careful
User B: I can't wait
User A: u think u can tomorrow or wait to next week
User B: I'm going to try for tomorrow
User A: I want u too. I just dont want to wait then u cant. r u sure?
User B: Yes baby
User B: Do you want to have sex?
User A: that would b so awesome :x>:D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: morning
User B: Hey there beautiful
User A: Hi Michael
User B: How are you? Did you have fun last night?
User A: I'm ok
User A: yeah it was ok
User A: what did u do last night?
User B: I was out with my wife...sorry I couldn't talk much :(
User A: oh
User B: Are you okay? You seem a little bit down )))
User A: Yeah Im good. I just have a headache. >:D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I bet you kiss soo good
User B: I bet u kiss better
User A: Hehe
User A: I like tongue :\">
User B: So do I
User A: Mmmmm
User A: :\">
User B: I could kiss u forever
User A: Aww my Layla I could kiss you forever too
User B: :)
User A: I wish I could marry you :x
User B: me too
User A: I'm home now laying in my bed :)
User A: Thinking of you
User B: kool Im in my room too
User A: :\">
User B: It will b like we r married :x
User A: Yesss
User B: we'll b married in our hearts
User A: I wish I was coming home to you
User B: I might get on ur nerves cause I wouldnt leave u alone. lol
User B: did u go to sleep? ;)
User A: You would never get on my nerves :x
User A: No I was just daydreaming :\">
User A: Of you laying next to me
User A: Umm I'm here
User A: Didn't you see my messages?
User A: Hello?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiiiiii
User A: I'm going to lunch with my grandma in a little bit.
User A: :x
User B: Aww that's nice baby
User A: babyyyy :)
User A: i missed u last night
User B: I missed you too what were you doing?
User A: I got in trouble
User A: Mom was being stupid
User A: I'll talk to u later >:D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hehehe
User B: And make out mmmm
User A: yeah we could
User B: :-*
User B: I want your lips so badd
User A: I want to kiss u too. It will b so hot
User B: Mmmm Yesss my Layla
User A: now I'm thinking about it again. lol
User B: Mm. Me toooo
User B: I thought about it a lottttt last night
User A: I was so mad that I couldnt get online
User B: Aww I'm bummed that she was being a jerk
User A: I was sad when I saw u were trying to talk to me
User B: Aww baby
User B: Guess you won't be getting a new phone anytime soon
User A: she couldnt remember what she said and got mad when she found out she was wrong.
User B: Wrong about what?
User A: she said that I didnt clean the bathroom and was lazy all day. She asked me to clean the kitchen and I did. then she was mad cause she didnt like me defending myself
User B: Grr
User B: Parents suck lol
User A: lol
User A: she was PMSing or something. Idk
User B: Lol probs
User A: I dont get grumpy like that. lol
User B: I'm sure you don't my angel :x
User A: I'm sweet all the time o:-)
User B: Yesss you are
User B: :x :x :x
User A: :x
User B: What are you doing right now?
User A: reading and talking to u
User B: Any chance I could call for a few minutes?
User B: Or you could call me if able
User A: idk r u still at work
User B: No
User A: so ur at home
User B: No I'm the parking lot
User B: I can talk
User A: I'm out of minutes and I have to wait for friday.
User B: Okay
User A: my friend keeps calling me using my time
User A: now im really sad
User A: I want to talk to u :(
User A: I love hearing ur voice :\">
User B: I want to talk to you too :x
User B: Badddd
User A: I can try to get her to do it tomorrow
User B: Okay :)
User A: I have tried to call u
User A: I just wish I could put my arms around u
User B: I know but I did not know that you were going to the last time
User A: u know I'm a little sneaky :-P
User B: That's why I always ask you first...Cuz I don't know where you are and if you're able to
User A: Im sorry. we were talking about it so I thought u wanted me too
User A: I wont do that again
User A: I have to go eat dinner
User B: Well I did want you to of course but next time just let me know right before you call :x
User B: Iove you
User A: love u too :x
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: morning :)
User B: How's my Layla?
User A: im ok. hru today?
User B: Not bad....the suns shining :)
User A: im glad u got some sunshine :)
User A: It's been kinda boring here
User B: Awww I wish I could help :\">
User A: ty
User A: I'm going to the library for a while. Have a good day baby :x
User B: Okay you too my angel
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: No lol
User B: lol
User A: Still at work
User B: u can take a break with me ;)
User A: Awww really? :x
User B: I could give u some hug therapy. lol
User A: Mmmm I could use it
User B: me too
User A: Awww are you okay?
User B: yeah just need a hug
User B: yeah just need a hug
User A: )))))
User B: )))))
User A: Love you my angel
User B: love u my baby :x
User B: r u ticklish? lol
User A: A little hehe
User B: me too :\"> really ticklish. hehehe
User A: :\">
User A: I love that
User B: so u have to be carefull not to tickle me. lol
User A: Of course I won't everrrr do that ;)
User A: Where are you most ticklish? :\">
User B: most everywhere. lol
User B: where r u?
User A: Mmm hehe
User A: I am usually on my waist
User B: I'll remember that ;)
User B: Just don't touch me under my arms. that is the worst.
User A: Haha okay :-p
User A: I'll touch your front instead :\">
User B: hehehe
User A: Wish I could hear you laughing :)
User B: I want to hear u laugh too
User B: u still working
User B: ?
User A: No I'm home
User B: :)
User A: Gonna have dinner
User B: kool. what r u having?
User A: Pasta and chicken
User A: Talk to you soon :x
User B: Im going to make tacos
User B: :-*
User A: Yummmm
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: it was good
User B: Hi :)
User A: what r u up to baby?
User B: Was just chillin with my kids
User A: well they have a kool dad :)
User B: Awww ur sweet :x
User B: What are u up to love?
User A: watching TV
User B: Sounds relaxing ...anything good on?
User A: a serial killer on Criminal Minds
User B: I don't watch a lot
User B: >:)
User B: Lol
User B: U like scary stuff?
User A: sometimes
User B: I'd watch scary stuff with you :x
User A: :x
User B: And hold you close
User A: so I can hide my eyes if it is too bad. :\">
User B: Yes my love
User B: Awww
User A: It sounds so nice >:D
User A: hehehe
User A: thats really kool that u care so much
User B: I really do Layla
User A: I know u love me. Ur an awesome bfr
User A: bf lol
User B: I do love you ..a lot
User B: And not just in a sexual way
User B: I want to experince life with you
User A: I know u do. I can tell:-*
User A: We can
User B: I want to live closer
User A: me too
User A: we can just be alone at first;)
User B: Yessss
User B: I thought about buying you a secret phone or something
User A: we could go to the movies or something later
User A: I am so mad about the phones
User A: I think mom just wants me miserable
User A: she keeps saying that I don't need one and she will only get a little bit of time on it
User B: :(
User A: I dont even care anymore
User A: but it would be kool to have a secret one
User A: they have prepaid ones that r like $30 or $40 a month but I need to babysit more or something to pay for it every month
User B: No its sonething that I would pay for
User B: So I'm investigating it baby
User A: ur so sweet baby
User B: I just want to be able to hear your voice lots
User B: More
User A: Me too :\">
User B: If I can't see you every day at least we could have that
User A: It would be like u were with me all the time
User A: I think about it alot.
User B: Yess
User B: Me too
User A: I cant wait to see u the first time
User B: Me too Layla :x
User B: I am trying to figure out who it will happen
User A: Im gonna have to hug u right there
User B: Yesss
User B: And I might kiss you right there
User A: I hope u do
User A: then we can be alone and it will be so awesome:x
User B: Yessss
User B: I think about your body a lot :\">
User B: I can't help it
User A: ohh I think about u too a lot :\">
User B: Mmm
User B: I am going to take a nice long time touching and kissing every part of you
User A: I can't even say what I was thinking:\">
User B: Yes you can please?
User A: mmmhmmm
User B: I would love to hear you say it :)
User B: You can tell me...it'll be our secret
User A: It's just hard for me to talk about it
User A: but I think about it
User B: Does it involve touching me?
User A: um yeah it does
User A: I don't want to let u go the whole time ur here
User B: Mmmm Layla
User B: Do u want to try sucking me too ? :\">
User A: I can try it
User B: Mmmmm
User B: Wow
User B: You have the perfect lips
User A: I'll try to do whatever u want
User A: Is it ok if I dont like something not to do it?
User B: Of course baby
User B: I do not want to do anything that you don't like :x
User A: but I'll try stuff first:\">
User B: Mmm okay
User B: Do you think you will like me kissing your breasts?
User A: i think so. it sounds hot
User B: I wanna do it with u so bad
User B: and stroke ur legs
User A: I will take ur shirt off so I can see ur chest
User B: mmmmmmm
User B: u like my checst?
User A: yeah
User B: mmmmm i want u to touch it
User A: I will
User B: mmmm and u will be topless for me
User B: mmmm and u will be topless for me
User B: our skin touching
User A: yeahhhh
User B: mmmmmmm ur arousing me thinking about it
User A: I have to go to bed now:(
User B: awww okay love
User A: we can stay up late tomorrow
User A: ;)
User A: :x
User A: nightnight baby
User B: okay baby
User B: I love you
User B: night
User A: love u so much
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Good morning my love
User B: Good morning Mike :-*
User A: I fell asleep early last night ...sorry about that Layla
User B: I was thinking u didnt want to talk to me :(
User A: Nooo baby
User A: I'm so sorry you thought that
User B: u just dont talk to me much anymore
User B: r u still feeling bad?
User A: I've been very tired and still sick
User B: hugs :x
User A: I don't know what's going on
User A: )))
User B: I was worried when u said u had a headache
User A: I used to get headaches a lot when I was a kid
User A: I don't get them much anymore but when I do they're baddd
User A: But I'm sorry I haven't been on more to talk ))
User B: thats ok baby
User B: ))
User A: I am still in love with you
User A: I wish we could be closer
User B: I want to give u a big kiss baby:-*
User A: Mmmm me toooo
User A: You are so beautiful my Layla
User B: thank u :x
User A: It's hard to be married with a family and just wanting to be with you
User B: i want to b with u too
User A: :x
User B: I feel better now:)
User A: Awww good my love
User B: it will b ok cause were in love
User A: Yessss
User A: I am so lucky that you are in love with me
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: =((
User A: Oops
User A: :x
User B: Id like to camp with u
User A: Mmmmm yes
User B: we could have a tent all alone:x
User A: Mmmm yeah baby
User B: we could have a fire
User B: and smores
User A: And I would make breakfast in the morning over the fire
User B: wow thats kool
User A: And we would snuggle in a sleeping bag at night :\">
User B: what would u make me
User B: yeah I would like to snuggle
User A: What is your favorite breakfast?
User B: I like eggs
User B: how do u like eggs?
User B: :-*
User A: I love tjem and actually eat one every morning
User A: I like em scrambled
User B: me too. I started eating them more
User B: it would be so fun
User A: Me too :)
User A: I know baby :)
User B: there r so many things I want to do with u
User A: Awww Yess love me too
User B: we could go camping:\">
User A: Yes and swimming
User A: And hiking
User B: i love hiking
User A: Me too
User B: :x
User A: And taking road trips
User B: we could do that too
User B: u have to go camping with me this summer
User A: I'll have to sneak away and do that hehe
User A: I need to get to sleep love...I'm getting up early tomorrow :(
User B: Ok, good night love:(
User A: Good night baby :-*
User B: :x
User A: I love you and I'll miss you
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I keep waking up :)
User A: I missed u
User B: I missed you too
User A: :)
User A: tell me all about ur trip baby :-*
User B: It was great...did a lot of hiking and fishing
User B: And drinking lol
User A: sounds like fun
User A: Im glad u liked it
User B: It was wonderful
User B: Much needed time to get away
User B: How was your weekend?
User A: it was nice, busy
User B: What did Ya do? :-p
User A: swimming, bbq, movies
User B: Fun
User B: Where do you swim?
User A: the public pool with my friends
User A: its near the park
User A: i saw Jurassic World. It was awesome!
User B: Cool I wanna see that too
User B: Btw...when is your birthday?
User A: Dec
User B: Dec what baby? :-p
User A: 28 after Christmas
User A: urs is Oct umm 13th??:\">
User A: I cant remember what day u said :)
User A: 17th
User A: What day is it? lol
User B: 17 haha good memory :x
User B: Ur sweet
User A: :-*
User B: I thought about you a lot his weekend
User A: I was thinking about u too
User A: I missed talking to i
User A: u. lol
User B: Me too
User B: And I thought a lot about some pictures that I sent you and maybe I should not have
User B: I want to treat you with respect
User A: Its ok baby
User A: did u sing?
User B: Yeah I brought a guitar with me
User A: i hope i can go soon
User A: I have to go soon
User B: Go where?
User A: talk to u later
User A: lol
User A: I want to go camping. lol
User A: but my gma will b here soon. she wants me to help her today
User A: :-*
User B: Okay love :x
User A: missed u :-*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey beautiful
User B: I love it when u call me beautiful. :\">
User B: :x
User A: Awww well you are
User B: ur so sweet baby
User A: My Yahoo keeps crashing :(
User B: :(
User A: How's your night baby?
User B: ok. how was ur night?
User B: hugs >:D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: not like u
User A: older guys r smarter
User B: haha okay
User B: who have you liked? :) I don't mind at all by the way
User A: idk
User B: oh i thought it was someone specific
User A: nobody that I was talking to :)
User B: hmmmm....intriguing
User B: a teacher? ;)
User A: I had a cute teacher before. hehe
User B: hehe
User B: wish it was me
User A: me toooo
User B: mmmm
User A: u can. hehe
User B: i mean right now...a pic hehe ;)
User A: I want u here :P
User B: me too mmmm
User B: do u like seeing me naked?
User A: yeah
User B: mmmmmmm
User B: i'm naked right now baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: mmmmmm yess
User A: what are u weaering now?
User B: t shirt and pink pj pants
User A: :)
User A: mmmm i'd love it
User B: yeah? :)
User A: yesss
User A: are u wearing panties?
User B: yessss
User A: what color?
User B: there like pink and black tiger stripes
User A: oooo sexyyy
User B: there kool
User B: what r u wearing? lol
User A: jeans hehe
User B: no shirt?
User A: nope ;)
User B: :-P
User A: hehe
User A: wishing ur hands were on my chest
User B: me too
User A: And wishing my lips were on your breasts mmmm
User B: that sounds so kool
User A: it would feel sooo nice
User B: I hope it does
User A: i'll make sure it does baby
User B: ;)
User A: i get soo aroused thinking about it
User B: I'm glad that u think I'm hot. lol
User A: I really do mmmm
User A: i wish we could talk on cam baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: mmmmmm and u have seen all of me and what I do when I imagine us together
User B: yes. I have. mmmmmmmmmm
User B: yes. I have. mmmmmmmmmm
User B: r u there?
User A: yeah....hmmm i think you're not getting all my messages
User A: this is why we need to cam :P
User B: :)
User A: I would probably never go to bed hehe
User B: yeah. we would be here all night
User A: :)
User A: I would love that
User B: me too
User A: 11:22 PM
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: hi
User B: who u?
User A: Is this serena
User B: yes
User B: were you on {chatsite}?
User A: Yes hun
User A: Thats me
User B: hello
User A: How are u
User B: i'm good.. just hanging out till I get sleepy.  you?
User A: In bed :/ wanna join :P
User B: lol
User A: Send meca pic
User B: you're far away lol
User A: Lol:)
User B: u got any good ones?
User A: Like !?
User B: I have some nice ones
User A: Ur cute: )!
User B: aw thanks
User A: Welcome hun
User B: u got any?
User B: ?
User A: Give me a sec ok hun
User B: nice.. yr cute :)
User A: Thanks :) !!!
User A: Wat u like to do
User B: like music and movies and stuff.. mostly hang with friends.  do crafts
User B: hbu?
User A: Hang out with friends go out to the movies play soccer n work
User B: what u work at?
User A: A restaurant
User B: ah ok.. nice job?
User A: Yea :)
User B: ya know I'm falling asleep.. been a long day .. can we talk again?
User A: Where in meriden u live at
User B: up by the mall
User B: you been here?
User A: O cool n yea :) a few times
User B: nice.. ok ttyl :) :)
User A: Ur leaving: (
User A: :(
User B: ya i'm sleepy
User A: Ooo talk for a little more:/
User B: u can im me tomorrow
User A: Send me one more pic
User B: ok
User A: Ur beautiful
User B: aw thanks :)
User B: u send me any more?
User A: What kibd of pics do u have!?
User B: dunno.. some from school, with friends and by myself
User B: also lots of cat pics
User A: What kind by yourslef hun
User B: idk.. just snapshots
User A: Ooo u have any with ur bathing suit on :P
User A: How come
User B: i looked fat and i hated them
User A: Wanna video chat before u go to sleep
User B: don't have a cam.. do you?
User A: Yea i do
User B: oh ok
User B: is ur cam nice?  gram took mine away
User A: Its on my phone :)
User A: N when can ne n u cuddle:)!?
User B: how u do that on phone?
User B: u want to cuddle?
User A: Its easy just download yahoo messenger app n yea when can we
User B: hard to do on phone lol
User A: When can i come see u tho
User B: idk what u wanna do?
User A: Idk u tell me hun
User B: idk maybe u can buy me a cam lol
User A: Lols :P mmm i juust wanna get to know u first hun
User B: that would be awesome.. me too :)
User A: :) are u single
User B: ya no bf
User B: hbu
User A: Ooo :) oks how tall are u n no girlfriend hun im single
User B: 5 feet
User B: just a girl
User A: :)!!! N o have u evrr chilled with a older person
User B: no you mean bf?
User A: Huh !?
User A: Do u have a boyfriend !?
User B: no i don't
User A: Ooo i dont have a girlfriend
User B: :)
User A: Have u ever dated someone older then u !?
User B: well i have talked to older guys but never dated 1
User A: Ooo oks :) mmm i wanna see u tho when can we hang out!?
User B: idk I don't drive so i'd have 2 plan
User A: I drive :)!
User B: that's good.. how far are u
User A: 40 minutes away
User A: Send me ur full address so i can see exactly
User B: i wouldn't want to meet here!!!!  my gram would kill me
User A: I know but to see how long would it take
User B: 40 mins is fine
User B: np
User B: we can talk about it later
User A: Ooo oks hun so umm if we meet can i kiss u :)3    [
User A: N oks
User B: would be nice:) are u good? :)
User A: Yes :) are u a virgin!?
User B: ya
User B: i did kiss a guy once tho
User A: Ooo oks do u get turned on easily
User B: idk do you?
User A: No only if u start first lol
User B: lol
User B: how u start? :)
User A: Wats the farthest u went
User B: just kissin
User A: Ooo oks ,:)!
User B: waitin for a special guy
User A: Thats good
User B: only get to do it once lol
User A: True thats good :)!
User A: Tho
User A: Wat u doing
User B: closing a lot of windows getting ready to go
User A: Ooo oks hun :) hmu tomorrow u have school right
User B: no we're done
User B: i'm freeee
User A: Ooo wat time are u gonna be in
User A: On
User B: after supper
User B: bye
User A: Oks night hun
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hello
User B: How are u hun
User A: great how about u?
User B: Good hun.n y great :)!?
User A: ya nice day today
User B: Oooo lol i missed u
User A: oh good.. how much
User B: Alot
User A: that good.. wat u up to
User B: Nohing in bed come over
User A: ha u know I cant drive
User A: I got hiccups
User B: Lols i forgot :/ send me a pic of ur body
User A: I told u I deleted them
User A: just a pic of me from moco in jeans
User B: Its oks send it
User B: Ur cute
User A: thx
User A: u got any pix?
User B: Yea hold on
User A: ha very cute :)
User A: you look hot
User B: :) can i be ur first baby girl
User A: for reals?
User B: Yea for reals
User A: oh wow
User A: so wat u wanna do
User B: Wat :( did i say something wrong
User A: nooo
User B: Ooo Oks hun
User A: just thinkin about it.. u have anything in mind
User B: Wat u want me to do
User A: idk.. i never did it before.. hbu
User B: Twice hun
User A: u have a gf?
User B: No hun
User A: what u like to do?
User B: Play soccer n be with the family hbu
User A: yes but I meant with me
User B: Idk anything u wanna try
User A: i feel dumb
User B: Y
User A: cause I never did anything with a boy
User A: and i'm afraid u would laugh at me
User B: Ooo wat u wanna try
User A: u first
User B: Idk wat u wanna do tho
User A: i thot u had ideas but if not it cool
User A: i thot u had ideas but if not it cool
User A: i can go get shower
User A: i can go get shower
User B: U gotta shower
User A: ya wash my hair
User B: Ooo oks hun may i finger u ;)
User A: oh i never did that.. :)
User A: but it sounds kinda nice
User B: Oks :) cab i eat u out
User A: ooh
User A: no pants huh
User A: ur teasin me
User B: ;)
User A: makin me go to sleep thinkin of u
User A: and u teasing me
User B: :) hun u wanna be my girlfriend
User A: ya thatd be cool
User A: serena & jesus
User B: :) yes
User A: aw sounds cute
User B: Oks hun we are official
User A: :)
User A: sometime I'd want to call u if I can get grams phone
User A: not yet tho
User B: :) when ever babe
User A: oh good
User B: Yes babe :)!!!!
User A: :) you're sweet
User A: will u talk to me tomorrow
User B: :) u r to babe :) i like u tho
User B: On the phone !?
User A: depends on when I can get it but i'll be online
User A: have to clean house tomroow
User B: I have court tomorrow so in the after noon we can talk babe
User A: court?
User B: Wat time are u gonna sleep
User A: soon
User B: No babe :(
User A: no?
User A: wat?
User B: Go to.sleep early
User A: ok
User A: see u tomorrow :)
User B: Dont go babe ,:/
User A: why
User B: I waana keep on taking to u
User A: ya but i'm gettin sleepy babe
User B: Just a bit babe
User A: what u doing
User A: tv?
User B: Yes babe
User A: i'm just chattin w u
User B: I wanna keep on chatting wotb u babe
User A: i know but will type with nose soon
User A: not good at stayin up late
User B: Huhv
User A: just a joke
User B: Ooo iks lol
User B: I like u babe
User A: yr nice to me i like u too
User A: so u going to bed soon
User B: No noyt yet babe
User A: ok
User A: u got a facebook?
User A: i was just adding to mine i could addu
User B: Yea sure send me ur email babe
User A: Decoy_name@yahoo.com
User B: Babe just added u
User A: oh good.. thanks
User B: Yup
User A: sweet
User B: Babes
User A: ya
User B: Do u wanna have sex with me :)!?
User A: ya if you are gentle ;)
User A: would u be?
User B: Yes babe i would be :)!!!
User A: oh that would feel good
User B: I would rub ma dick on ur pussy first
User A: that would feel very good
User A: but how? u coming to meriden?
User B: Yes babe this week
User A: cool
User B: Ye babe
User A: id have to let u know when tho cause I can't get out except when gram lets me
User A: :(
User B: Ooo ,:(
User B: 9okss babe
User A: 9okss ?? what that
User B: I meant oks
User A: gram is hollering for me to get off computer
User A: so I gotta go
User A: talk to u soon! :)
User B: Ooo oks baby i love sweet dreams
User B: I love you
User A: sweet dreams :)
User A: love u
User B: Love u more
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User A: are u there?
User A: :)
User B: Yea babe
User A: hii
User B: Whats up babe
User A: missed u
User B: Mised u tooo babes
User A: so wat up?
User B: Nothing hbu
User A: was out all day but I'm back now
User B: Thats good babe
User A: wish storms would stop lol
User A: you have supper?
User B: Huh not yet
User A: you doing something?
User B: No y :)!?
User A: just wundered you went away
User B: Sorry babes
User B: I wanna see u this week
User A: oh cool
User A: i have to plan it tho
User A: what u wanna do?
User B: Jus hang out babec
User A: oh :(
User A: ;(
User B: Mmm w.e u wanna do u let me know oks :)!!!
User A: I thot u wanted to do some more
User A: guess not :((
User B: Im babe thats wat i meant. By hangibg out :)!!!
User A: kiss?
User B: Everything babe :)!!!
User A: u mean..
User B: Huh !?
User A: just wanted u to tell me so I could think about u
User A: but it ok
User B: I wanna kiss you hold ur hand
User A: oooh
User B: Grab u from ur waist
User A: oooh :)
User B: :)
User A: I wonder if I can call u to hear ur voice
User B: Yea sure
User A: i got grams phone for a little while
User B: xxx-xxx-xxxx
User A: ok let me see if this thing has enuf battery hang on
User B: Oks
User B: Does it have battery
User B: U sound cute
User A: aw thanks :) :)
User B: I love uu
User A: love u too
User B: Mmm :3
User B: Wat u doing
User A: gonna go cut up veggies  bbl
User B: Oks babe
User A: oks supper is ready so I need to go.. ttyl later babe?
User B: Oks babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hola
User B: Wats up babe
User A: not much just watchin tv
User A: how ur day?
User B: Good busy hbuv
User A: oh it was so nice out today
User B: Yea it was babe wat u doung
User A: making a bracelet and watchin tv
User B: For who ;)!?
User A: ha for me
User B: Ooo :( i though for me
User A: got some beads
User A: u want one?
User B: Its ks babe
User A: what color u like
User B: Red n w.e color u want
User A: red n black maybe
User B: Oks babe
User B: Can u call me or no!?
User A: not tonight gram is on the phone
User A: do u have a garden
User B: Yes i do babe
User A: great.. i planted tomatoes
User A: and garlic and peppers
User A: and zukkini
User B: Same here lol
User A: garlic is growing fast
User A: i found out gram bought yellow tomato plant
User A: never saw one of those but I will :)
User B: Ooo nicev
User B: Can i see u friday
User A: I don't know yet
User B: Check plz babe :/
User A: grams talkin about going to see aunt
User B: Ooo damn :(
User A: i really excited :)
User B: How come :(
User A: finnaly get to see u for realz
User B: When babe
User A: dont know yet :(
User B: Ooo oks babe cause i wanna kiss u n i wanna be your first
User A: id love that :)
User B: Ill be gentle
User A: good
User B: Are u on ur period!?
User A: do u think we need protection
User B: Just in case babe i willv
User A: not now but a couple wks
User B: Ooo oks fridayvor saturday babe
User A: i have to find out where i be then
User B: Oks babe let me know plz so i can eat u out :)!!
User A: lol dat yummy?
User B: To me its is :) do u shave !?
User A: dont have to
User B: How come babe
User A: not much there
User B: Oks :) have u ever seen a dick !?
User A: only once on the net :)
User B: Oks mine is thick n big :)!
User A: o?
User A: rly?
User B: Ill be gentle promise n yea
User A: what is big
User B: Mmm youll have to see n find out
User A: ur teasin
User B: Yea i know babe but i love u
User A: i love u too sweetie
User B: Love u more
User A: awwww that so nice
User B: :) babe how big is ur boobs :)!
User A: oh not much 32b
User B: Oks :) its good :)
User A: i foud a pic but I don no if I sent it to u
User B: Send it plz babe
User A: did u get one in white blouse?
User B: No not yet
User A: let me find it k
User B: Ok
User B: Mmmmm:)!!!!
User A: u like?
User B: Yes i dooo!!!!
User B: I wanna grab them
User A: you bad lol
User B: U can grab my dick :)!!
User A: hehe
User B: U wanna suck on it
User A: u want me to?
User B: Sure :)
User A: k
User B: I love u
User A: birthday present? lolo
User B: Yes :)!!
User A: soon?
User B: When is ur bday
User A: january
User A: 18th
User B: Too far babe but still can it be ur early bday presentv
User A: hbu
User B: N october 27th
User A: ah early present lol
User B: When i see u i wanna kiss u n have sex with u :) i love uuu
User A: love uuuuu tooo
User B: Send me more pics of u
User B: Mmmm babe
User A: u think my nose is ok?
User A: kids tease me
User B: Theres nothingberon with it
User A: they say it's too big
User A: idk
User B: Its iks babes
User A: ok :)
User B: Yup yup
User A: i gonna go out and pull weeds
User A: u be on tomorrow?
User B: Yes hun
User A: oh good
User A: u have a good day
User A: night
User B: Oks utoo
User A: sleep tight
User B: Same to u sweetheart
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hola :)
User B: Wats uo
User A: not much just chattin
User A: how u doing
User B: Nothing eating hun missing u
User A: awww that's nice to hear i miss u too
User A: I had to babysit all day
User B: when can i see u
User A: will have 2 plan it what day u free
User B: Eat u doing
User B: Wat
User A: just surfin youtube u?
User B: Ooo oks hun i wanna see yhis fridy :)!!
User A: id have to let u know babe.. k?
User A: how long trip? i live south meriden
User B: Ok not thqt long babex
User A: good :)
User B: Yea :)! I wanna eat u out
User A: ohhh :)
User B: Yup
User A: that sounds awesome
User A: going to sleep babe :)
User B: U arec
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey: )!?
User A: :o3
User B: hey babe
User A: Whats up :)!!!
User B: got family over they eatin everything in house
User A: Ooo oks babe i love uv
User B: aw love u too :) what u do today
User A: Nothing at all babe hbu
User B: went to church and lunch then family came and we hung out
User A: Ooo nice :)
User B: ya church is close
User A: Oooo oks :
User B: we gonna go sit outside on porch i thnk
User A: When !?
User B: pretty soon
User B: till bugs start bitin
User A: Ooo are u taking ur laptop with u
User B: maybe but don want kids to break it
User A: Ooo :/ was hoping to text u all the way
User B: all the way where?
User A: Till you fall asleep
User B: ah ok.. think i'm gonna head out now so i'll ttyl
User A: Awww :(
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey im baaaaack
User B: Hi babe
User A: hey u serius about friday cause I might be able to
User B: Yes im serious babes
User A: oh goody u know about when?
User B: Huh!?
User A: time u can meet me cause I can say I'm at my gfs
User B: Ooo oks idk its up to u babe
User A: i can get away at noon till five maybe
User B: Oks babe
User A: i live near but I can meet u up the street
User B: Give me ur whole address
User B: Should i bring condoms!?
User A: u can't come here neighbors will see u.. i can meet u at
User A: ya u should
User B: Oo n oks babe :))!!
User B: Mmm
User B: U reallyvwanna loose it with me babe:)!
User A: we stay in touch this week and u can text me if u get lost or somein
User A: oh yeah ur hot :)
User B: Oks bbe
User B: N how are u ginna text
User A: i can get her phone friday
User B: Oks babes :)!
User A: okie :).. can't wait
User A: oops bbl
User B: Huh
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi babe
User B: hey :) :)
User B: how u?
User A: Good hbu u babe
User B: just watchin tv and doin nothing
User B: maybe watch a movie
User A: Ooo nice babe :)!
User B: pickin out someing nice to wear friday
User A: Mmm :)!!!
User B: any ideas? :)
User A: What u wqnna wear babe
User B: shorts & halter
User A: Htwt!?
User B: lol wut
User A: Wht is that
User B: like a tube top you just pull it up no sleeves
User A: Oo mm sure babe
User B: hay can u come sooner??
User A: Wht time
User B: wed or thur??
User A: At wat time tho babe !?
User B: I might be able to get away for cuple hours either day
User A: Mmm ill let u know tomorrow oks !?
User B: ohhh ya better
User B: how about noon?
User A: Oks babe n ill let u know tomorrow oks
User B: ok but I need some time to get with my gf
User A: Ooo oks
User A: Mmm answer so can see ne
User A: Me
User B: if u sure today I can call her and she invite me over
User A: Mmm not so sure babe ill let u know tomorroe morning promise
User B: okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
User B: i'm EXCITED :)
User A: Me to babe
User A: Mmm can u call me
User B: she has fone :(
User B: might b able tomorrow.. u know where?
User A: Ooo :/ n where !?
User B: where i gonna meet u on street?
User A: Idk u send me the address n ill ne there
User B: ok let me find it.. i can walk there in  2 min easy to find
User A: I cant wait to fuck u ;)
User B: ooh
User A: :)!!
User B: u coming on 64 then 691 to meriden?
User A: Just give me the street name babe
User A: Oks
User B: i'll be in the parking lot next to the .. therz a box there wher u put old clothes in.. right ther
User B: u tell me when! :)
User A: Oks babe
User B: my gf lives a house or 2 up street
User A: Oksv
User B: gonna go shower now.. i'll leave computr on in morning :)
User B: get rest :)
User A: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User B: Wats up
User A: just waitin.. how u :)
User A: do u know when u can come?
User B: Tomorrow for sure
User A: oh goody
User B: Yup :)
User A: wut time? I can be ready
User B: Im leaving around 11
User A: awesom!  :)
User B: Yes babe :)!!
User A: wut u doing today??
User B: Appkying for a job
User A: oh ok..
User B: Wt u dooing
User A: suppsed to be cleaning my room but i lazy
User B: U have ur granmas phone
User A: ya
User B: Call me xxxxxxxxxx
User B: Are u gonna call me
User B: Babe
User A: hey sorry waz away from comptuer
User A: had dogs in yard fighting
User B: Ooo oks babe
User A: gram wants me.. back soon
User B: Can u call me or no!?
User A: she's hollering for me to help bring grocery in.. can I call u tonigh?
User A: i sorry .. things are crazy here
User B: Yea sure
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi babe
User A: :)
User B: Wats up babe
User A: did u want to talk to me oh the phone??
User B: Give me 10 minutes oks babe
User A: ok
User B: Call me xxxxxxxxxx
User A: will do
User B: Oks babe
User B: Are u oks babe
User A: ya i'm back
User A: you sounded good :)
User B: :)!
User A: my friggin battery died
User A: :(
User A: here's the address u wanted babe
User B: Oks :)!
User A: i'm gonna go lay down babe.. be back in a bit
User B: Ok babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u leavin?
User B: Hold on something came up :(!!
User A: noooo
User B: Ill let u know oks babe
User A: what??? what happened
User A: r u gonna be later?
User B: My sis in the hospital
User A: what happened
User B: Idk
User A: but I want to see u so bad
User B: I knowc:(((!
User A: cant u come at all??
User A: I hav been wanting this so long.. pleas dont
User B: Sorry dont know yet
User A: when will u know baby?
User A: i'm srry about ur sis
User B: In 20 minnutes
User A: ok
User A: babe??
User A: r u ok
User B: No hun
User A: what?
User A: can u talk to me
User B: Hold on
User A: r u playin me dude???  I'm sittin here cryin
User A: I gotta know when to leave
User A: !!!!
User A: HEY
User A: where u at??
User B: Hold on babe y would i play u
User A: idk u said u were coming and now u said no and u stopped talkin
User A: is she ok
User B: Cause i barely got service
User A: oh ok i didnt know
User A: r u at hospital or on road?
User B: Hospital
User A: what r u gonna do
User A: u want me to go away?
User B: Huh
User A: u want to come tomorrow?
User A: or today
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey babe sorry about today :((
User B: oh hi
User B: is everything ok
User A: Are u mad at mee:((
User B: i was at noon but now no
User B: what up
User A: N yea she oks she just fine se fainted n i though she lost her kid but its fine
User B: gee thats good was it too hot
User A: Yea
User B: im glad shes ok
User A: Me too babe im sorry about today
User B: thx.. when can u get free
User A: Hope fully this week
User B: i hope so
User A: Prob saturday around 4 in the afternoon
User B: oh ok.. i can mayb work somethin out
User B: where we going in your hot car
User A: We gonn hve sex in the back seat ;)
User B: oh wow
User A: Lol
User B: i'm all excited hbu
User A: How come lol
User B: its new to me and i really want to meet u
User A: :) i know babe n we are going out :)!!
User B: u gonna bring me anything :) :)
User A: Idk hun ;) but i dont know if u wnt my dick ;) lol
User B: oh ya babyyy
User B: u got a pic for me
User A: Mmm mybe but i wnt one from u too
User B: oooohh i wish I had a cam for u baby. but i dont. id show u lol
User A: Lol
User A: Ooo
User A: U dont hve. Ipod
User B: no just the old one she used to use it doesn't have a cam or wifi.. just music :(
User B: wat music u like
User A: Idk hbu
User B: i like pop and jazz
User A: Oo nice babe
User B: i going to bed now babe
User B: you be good
User A: Oks
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi babe
User B: hi
User B: hi
User A: Can u call me
User B: no the stupid battery died but i'm here
User A: Ooo charge it
User B: she comin back i see car in driveway
User A: Ooo
User A: Did u at least delete the messagesv
User B: ya
User B: it's ok
User B: it's ok
User B: talk to u later babe
User A: Oks babe
User A: Oks love u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi babe how u?
User B: Good hbu babe
User A: i'm happy.. its summer and i'll see u soon :)
User B: Yes:)!!!!! Babe
User A: how was ur holiday?
User B: Good hbu
User A: it was SO hot had to take 2 showers but had bbq and saw fireworks
User B: Ooo nice babe i misses u
User A: we had a great time!!
User A: aw I miss u too.. can u come monday??? )
User B: What time monday !?
User A: you pick.. I can get out anytime
User B: Oks ill ask oks babes
User A: ask? who?
User B: Ma fatber he has the car
User A: oh ok can u borrow it?
User B: Idk ill ask oks babe n u wanna fuck with or without condoms
User A: better with dont wanna get pregnant!
User A: big back seat??
User B: Yes babe :)!!!!
User B: Mmmm whos home
User A: cousins and aunt and gram and other aunt
User A: people runnin all over it crazy!!
User B: Ooo okms what u doing today
User A: tryin to stay cool.. u got any more pics for me?
User B: Yea hbu
User A: let me look
User B: U first
User B: U dint have any of u babe
User A: that's me on the right when i had curly hair
User B: I want one of u only babe
User B: U dont havr New ones babe :(!
User A: aw that so cute! :)
User B: :)! U dont have any new pics of u babes
User B: Wow u look amazing anymore
User A: anymore ?? LOL
User B: Pixs
User A: u like?
User B: Yea i do babe
User A: how about 11 on monday? that possible?
User B: Not sure babe ima ask oks
User A: let me know!! I cant wait
User B: Oks n babe u have anymore pics of u !?
User A: just stuff from school.. u got more??
User B: Cone one babe send me one with ur bikini
User A: aw I wish i had one mabe u can bring a cam lol
User B: Lol n what are we gonna do with that cam babe !?
User A: idk u think of somethin?
User B: Mmm take pics make a video !!?
User A: that sounds awesome babe :)
User A: u sure u gonna bring it
User B: Yea
User A: sweet.. i gotta go were going for a ride be back later - have to babysit all weekend :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babe :)
User A: are u there?
User B: Yes babev
User A: hi :) :)
User A: how u doin
User B: Pretty bad
User A: what's wrong
User B: I went to go play soccer n got hit on my eyebrows
User A: aw.. r u ok?
User A: put some ice on it?
User B: Yea but i have a cut on it :(!!
User A: thats ok it will heal up.. are u in any pain?
User B: Yes :(!
User A: awwww.. take some tylenol or something and put an ice pack on it
User A: ur still cute to me :)
User B: :) i love u
User A: love u to babe
User A: u get car for tomorrow??
User B: I cant drive tomorrow :(!!!!
User A: y  not??
User A: i got a sundress for u and everything!!
User B: I wish i can my eye is still swollen :(!!!!!!
User A: thats what ice is for.. it will be better tomorrow
User A: u gonna have black eye?
User B: Trust me babe my cut is still open
User B: No y
User A: i got hit with a door once and it was black & blue for days!!
User B: Ooo
User B: But hopefully this week oks babe
User A: oh plleeeease try hard babe
User B: Ols babe u want it dont u
User A: i can't wait to see u
User B: Oks babe ;) what u gonna wear when u see me
User A: cotton sundress cause it's hot
User B: N wat u gonna wear underneath
User A: wat u think lol :)
User B: Mmm tell me babev
User A: ha u come see it for urself
User B: Tell me babe
User A: oh nothin lol
User B: Mmm ;)!
User A: wat time will u be here
User B: If i cant make it tomorrow ill make it up to babe i promise
User A: u IM me tomorrow and let me know ok?
User B: Pks babes
User B: I love u oksv
User A: ok I gotta go.. love u :::::::::::))))
User B: Oks babe love u tooo:))
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babe how u feeling
User B: Bad
User A: whats the matter
User B: Eye shut still
User A: oh no
User A: did u go to doc?
User B: About to
User A: what happened anyway?
User B: I slept n yea
User A: how did u get hurt
User B: Soccer
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Babes hopefully tomorrow ill go see u
User B: i hope so babe
User B: when will u know?
User A: Tomorrow morning
User B: :)  i will be online tomorrow morning
User B: I found a new pic for u
User A: Oks :)! Ler me.see
User A: Mmm
User A: BABE
User B: ;)
User B: you like?
User A: Send me ur info babe
User A: Yes
User B: wat info? where to meet me?
User A: Yes babe
User B: can i send it email?  I can send a map and everything
User A: Mmm oks babe
User B: :)
User B: can't wait to see u
User B: let me work on the map
User A: Oks babe
User B: I can send you the route from google maps..
User A: Oks babe
User B: ok I sent it.. .. :)
User A: Oks babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Babe
User B: Hey babe
User A: Are u gonna be able to come out anytime today!?
User B: yes
User A: Are u sure
User B: absolutely.. i can go out anytime
User A: Oks babe later on todsy around 6ish oks
User B: six?
User A: Yea
User B: oks :)  when u leaving
User A: 4 i have to drop off a few friends at hartford
User B: i'll be there at six but i'm gonna stay online all day
User B: im so excited :) !!
User A: Oks babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi baby
User B: Hi sweetie
User A: What u doing
User B: not much.. just surfin and eating rocky road
User B: how u doing?
User A: Good babe hope to see u soon
User B: oooh.. when?
User B: u partying?
User A: Idk yet n no
User B: awww friday night
User A: Lol
User B: wat u doing this weekend?
User B: i might go camping or something
User A: Work babe
User B: oh bummer
User B: see u tomorrow :)
User A: I work :(
User B: oh ok.. u have fun
User A: I love u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ok i will
User B: I might take the train oks babe
User A: wat? u said a car??
User A: when does train come in?
User B: Idk babe :(!
User B: Im looking at the schedule
User A: good :)
User B: Yup
User B: Babe if i dont bring condoms u still wanna do it
User A: i guess
User A: do u?
User B: Yes i do babe :3
User A: what time does the train get in
User B: 11
User B: I gotta wke up early like 8 to catchb it
User A: oh ok.. :)
User B: Cant wait to fuck the shit out of u babe
User A: i want u babe
User B: Me too babe
User B: We gonna try everything with u oks
User A: oh ya
User B: Shower sex n fucking.ur room ;)!
User A: that sounds great
User B: Uur gonna suck my dick ok
User A: ok
User B: I love u ima eat u out
User A: oh goody.. i hear that feels good
User A: will u text me when u get on the train?
User B: Yes babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Babe where can i park the car !?
User B: what car?
User A: I think my friend is gonna let me use his car
User B: that wd be great.. u can leave it in the parking lot
User A: Which ine tho
User B: which what?
User B: what time u leaving
User A: What parking lot
User B: .. if u park there nobody cares
User A: Are u sure
User B: yes.. we can walk to my back door from there 2 mins
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Babe u have ur grandma phone
User B: hi babe
User A: What u up.to
User B: getting dressed
User B: feed the cat
User B: what u doing
User A: Just got on the train to pick up the car
User B: oooh goody.. where does ur buddy live
User A: Fairfield
User B: i cant wait babe :-*
User A: Do u have ur grandmas phone yes or no
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sorry babe i fell back asleep.. i had the phone for a minute this morning but gram has it now
User A: she left
User A: where are u now?
User B: Ima be a little delay
User A: how long?
User B: Idk babe fucking.car wont start
User A: where is ur buddy
User B: Im telling u the car wont start
User A: can u get on the train
User B: No money
User A: if u borrow it i can pay u back
User B: Call me
User B: Can u call me
User A: ya the battery is dead give me a minute
User B: Ok
User A: are u there
User B: Yea im here just cahrging my phone
User A: so 4 oclock?
User B: Babe u have 40 right !?
User A: ya
User A: i have 60
User B: How much u have in total !?
User A: if I look i might be able to get 80
User B: Oks perfect ima take a taxi theree give me like n plz try babe taxi is charging me 50
User A: oh ok
User B: I love u cant wait to see u
User A: me too :)
User A: drop u at  and I'll find u
User A: u know when?
User B: In half hr hes gonna pick me up im charging my phone now
User A: oh good :)
User B: Yup babe u ahve everything.ready right
User A: yes
User A: i have money and i'll be there!!
User B: Oks babe oks babe
User B: Cant wait
User B: I dont havr condoms :(!
User A: that's ok babe.. i love u anyway
User B: Oks babe :)!
User B: Ur.not on ur period right babe
User A: no
User B: Oks babe :) have u ever played with ur self
User A: a little but not much
User B: Ols.babe are u positive ur grandma left or this no one looking out for u
User A: ya she's gone to LA
User B: U have 75
User B: Taxi needs it
User A: yes
User B: Oks
User B: Im on my way babe u have 75 right
User A: ya I sure do
User B: Oks im on my way
User B: U sure u have 75 babe
User A: yes it's ok
User A: I'm leaving now to wait at the ... see u soon babe!
User B: Oks babe
User B: Babe
User B: Babe are u there already
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyyy
User B: Hey pretty
User A: ^_^
User B: What happens to your meet me act? I was gonna write u a cute msg
User A: idk i jus tried to log on n its sayin my pw aint right!?i tried to reset my pw but it wont work..i think it got deleted :'(
User B: Oh well ..u don't need it no more ..u met me ;)
User A: haha i didnt really kno how to work it neways
User B: It don't matter... As long as u know how to work other things .. ha
User B: What u doing today ?
User A: lmao :P
User A: idkkk i wuna take another bike ride
User B: Nice ..u find out when she working next ?
User A: yaaa she goes back to work wednesday
User B: So hopefully ill see u then
User B: I can't wait that long ..lol
User A: hahaha well u gotta :P
User A: have u ever met neone from online
User B: Ya 1 person.. she ended up being real weird .. what about u
User A: no this is my first time..im a lil nervous lol
User A: y was she weird
User B: Don't be nervous babes
User B: She drank a lot , smoked a lot .. then told me a story how she just got arrested... No Thnx ..lol  )
User A: hahaha
User B: Damn weirdo ..lol
User A: youll probly think ima weirdo too :(
User B: No way ! I already think ur awesome..and sexy
User A: awww ty :)
User A: hey brb ima make mom breakfast for mothers day lol
User B: Welcome
User B: Ok ..I gotta go take shower too
User A: kk
User B: Muah
User A: u stink :P
User B: Lol
User A: jk
User B: ;)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: backkk
User B: Hello cutie
User A: wht u doin
User B: Getting ready to go ovr sisters
User B: U
User A: jus got done eatin
User A: want me to leave ya alone?
User B: I wish I was eating ... Eating u!! Ha
User A: hahahaha
User B: I hope u can handle it
User A: u make me laugh out loud a lot :P
User B: ;)
User B: Good ..lol
User A: lol
User A: u want me to leave u alone
User A: since ur goin to ur sis
User B: It's ok babe ..just gimme some time to get ready and drive there ..ill hit u up in a few ..xo
User A: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: Hey u
User A: u still at ur sis
User B: No..just got home
User A: ohhhh
User B: My allergies are killing me today .. what u do today ?
User A: i went n seen a specialist a month ago n have to get shots for my allergies
User A: n i jus got home from my gmas
User B: The shot never works .. nothing seems to work ..good thing is that it only lasts for like 2 months
User B: Have fun @ grams?
User A: go see a specialist!thts the only thing tht helped lol n ya it was ok i guess lol
User B: I did see one years ago ..they stuck me w all sorts needles..lol
User A: thts wht they did to me lmao
User B: I'm allergic to pollen ..but nothing seems to help so far ..Thnk god it don't last long
User A: ya it sucksss
User B: Oh well ..lol
User A: :P
User B: So what u gonna wear when we get together?
User A: wht u mean?wht u want me to wear
User B: I was just wondering if u figured out what u would wear .. lol
User A: haha idk
User B: Gimme some choices ..then ill pick ..if u want
User A: depends if its hot out
User A: well i got yoga pants, jeans, sweats, short, t shirts,hoodies...so idk?lmao
User A: u tell me
User B: Mmm...I love yoga pants..look hot
User A: lol ya there comfy
User B: And they make ur asses look amazing
User B: Lol
User A: hahaha :P
User B: And maybe a sexy tank top or somethin..lol
User A: oh ya i got those to lol
User B: And either no panties...or a real tiny sexy thong :)
User A: hahaha i never wore no panties tht probly feel weird
User B: Lol ..u have any sexy ones ?
User A: idk lol wht do u think is sexy?
User B: Tiny ones ..or lace maybe
User A: idk wht u mean by tiny n i dont have any lace ones :(
User B: Small ones
User A: like thong?
User B: I don't know what they called ..lol ..smaller the better :)
User A: hahaha well i got thongs
User B: Ok ..works for me ..lol
User B: We gonna try for wends ?
User A: yaaa if u wuna ^_^
User A: u there
User B: Hey . Sorry ..let my dog out
User A: ohhhhh
User B: Ya I wanna see ya soon as u can
User A: me to ^_^
User B: :)
User B: When u fuked ur ex ..where did u go?
User A: his house lol
User A: we did couple times at mine but mainly his
User B: Did u guys fuk a lot ?
User A: not like everyday lol
User B: Lol
User B: We gonna have good time babe
User A: ya we r :D
User B: Can wait till u gimme a bj :)
User A: hahaha y do guys like tht so much
User B: Cuz it feels good
User B: Why u like being eaten out ?
User A: cus it feels good lmao
User B: Exactly..lol
User B: U rather get fuked or get eaten out ...if u can only pick 1
User A: hmmmmm
User A: probly eaten out lol
User B: Lol ..then ill make sure I do that the longest to u
User A: kk ^_^
User B: Can't wait
User A: me eitherrrr :D
User A: send me a pic of u!i only seen tht 1 n u seen lots of me
User B: I'm getting so horny thinkin about it
User A: u always r :P lmao
User B: I'll take a pic after I shave/shower .. that's because u make me horny
User B: I look all homeless right now
User A: nooo send it now haha..n ill take tht as a compliment haha
User A: how lmao
User B: Its def a complement
User A: ^_^
User B: My allergies got my eyes all swollen ..look like I got 2 black eyes..lol and I gotta shave
User A: awww lol
User A: do u got a beard
User B: No beard ..just scruffy looking
User A: i wuna see lol
User B: Not until my eyes stop swelling..lol
User B: U like scruffy?
User A: :'(
User B: l-)
User B: Lol
User A: X-(
User B: b-(<<<< my eyes
User B: Lol
User A: lmao!hahahaha
User B: :x@};-
User B: Any positions u wanna try that u never did ?
User A: i dont really kno wht anything is called lol
User B: Describe it
User A: noooo lmao
User B: Please ..ill tell u ..and I wanna make sure we do what u wanna try
User A: ill do w/e n if i dont like it then ill jus tell u lol
User B: Ok ..sounds good babe
User A: :)
User B: I just want to make u feel real good
User B: My allergy meds making me tired ..I'm gonna take a Lil nap .. ill msg u in an hour or so :)
User A: kk :)nite :P
User B: No gnite... Just a little nap
User B: Lol
User A: haha kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hiiii
User B: hiiii
User A: Whatcha doin
User B: jus got done w some hw u?
User A: Working
User B: awww tht sucks!when u done
User A: Like 5/6
User A: Lol
User B: ohhh
User B: u fell asleep last nite :(i knew u would lol
User A: Lil ..I def didn't think I was gonna ..ha
User B: mhmmm lol
User A: You girls are always right ..lol
User B: ;)
User A: So what u doin the rest of the day?
User B: probly nothin lol
User A: I'll msg u a little later u sexy thing :)
User B: kk ^_^
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey u .Whatcha doin
User B: nothin u
User A: Just got home from gym .. making some chicken now
User B: yummmm
User A: I'll make u some someday
User B: promise?:P
User A: Yes maam
User A: My allergies are still killing me ...fml ..lol
User B: thts not good :(
User B: btw u never sent me a pic of u!
User A: Ya it Sux ...no way am I sending a pic looking all banged up w swollen eyes right now ...no way Jose ..lol
User A: I think the only thing that will make me feel better is some lovin :)
User B: yesssssssss
User A: Noooooo
User B: :'(
User B: i jus seen ur msg bout the lovin part hahaha...ur silly :P
User A: b-(<<< me = NO WAY
User A: lol
User A: Loving makes everything better
User B: lmao
User A: Ur supposed to say that u will take care of that part ...duhhh
User A: Lol
User B: huhhh
User A: Giving some lovin
User B: u got me all confusedX-(
User A: Smh
User A: Lol
User A: Wends can't come fast enough
User B: i know :D:)
User B: im nervous lol
User A: I wanna kiss u as soon u get in the car
User A: :) dont be nervous
User B: sounds good to me ^_^ n i jus never met anyone from online so im a lil nervous lol
User A: I'm sure after we kiss u won't be nervous
User A: How old was ur ex ?
User B: 15
User B: hes a freshmen in highschool
User A: Gotcha
User B: y
User A: Just wondering
User B: kk
User A: So after we kiss ..maybe ill finger u while we drive ...get u all excited :)
User A: If u want, that is
User B: hahaha u can drive n do tht at the same time!?
User A: Yes I can
User B: idk wht if someone sees
User A: No1 can ever see ..I have tinted windows ..trust me
User B: r u sure
User A: 100% babe
User B: well see..if i think there dark enough then maybe :P
User A: They are very dark.babe
User B: lol ooook
User A: I can't wait to hear u moan
User B: :)
User A: And if I do good enough ..u can gimme bj
User B: hahaha kk ^_^
User A: I'm gettin horny thinkin about it
User B: me to lil bit haha :P
User A: I wish I can mess w you right now
User B: me to but moms home :(
User A: I'm getting hard thinkin about u..lol
User B: :\">
User A: u getting wet?
User B: lil bit ^_^
User A: Play w ur pussy a Lil :)
User B: nooo haha r u crazy!?my moms home
User A: Lol.. just go in ur room ..or in shower
User B: maybe i will when i take a shower
User A: I wish I can see :(
User B: y u wuna see lol
User A: Because that's sexy ..and u will be naked ..even sexier
User B: :\">
User B: wht r u guna tell the ppl at ur work when u leave on wednesday
User A: Just that I got Dr apt
User A: What time should I get u?
User B: hmm idk...im thinkin bout skippin school tht day n then as soon as mom leaves for work u could..so like 2:00
User A: Don't skip school ..lol
User A: Does ur mom work sat?
User B: y lol
User B: idk....y
User A: That's bad ..lol
User B: i do it a lot lmao
User A: I never skip school..lol
User B: i do :D
User A: So ur a bad girl ...I like ..lol
User B: lmao
User B: y did u ask if she works sat
User A: Cuz we can chill sat too
User B: kk if she works :)..i thought u were guna bale on me wednesday lol
User A: No way babe ..I'm dying to see ya
User B: me moreeee :D
User A: Good...Where will I pick u up
User B: hmmmm
User A: Hmmmm
User B: do u kno where Decoy Meet Location is?theres a lil path by there tht i always walk on n its close to my house
User A: No clue ..but I'm sure I can Google it ..lol
User B: haha kk
User A: Crazy question.. have u ever messed around w a girl ?
User B: omg no lmao
User B: y?
User A: Haha .. you'd be suprised..lots of girls do that secretly..lol
User B: hahaha ew
User A: Lol
User B: have u ever messed around w a guy
User A: How guys dicks have u sucked? ..not that it matters ..I'm just curious
User A: Hellllll nooooooo ..lol
User B: jus my ex
User A: I can't wait to feel ur lips on me
User B: ^_^
User A: ;)
User B: hey ima get off here for a lil bit..r u guna be on later
User A: Ya ..ill be around babe
User B: kk well ill ttyl :) byeeee
User A: Ttyl...Bye :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: U up?
User B: yaa sry..had to shower eat n finish more hw
User A: It's ok ..I'm goin to bed soon ..did u play w urself a lil in shower? ;)
User B: nooo i forgot lol
User A: Lol
User B: sryy :(
User A: Guess,u weren't that horny ...ha
User A: It's ok babe
User B: im gettin tired
User A: Me too ...msg me tomm
User B: kk..gniteee :)
User A: Gnite beautiful  :)
User B: ^_^
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey little cutie
User A: Whatcha doin ?
User B: nothinnn probly guna take a bike ride in a lil bit
User B: u
User A: Nice ..prob looking all sexy in spandex ..lol
User A: I'm just working..as usual..lol
User B: haha nahh im jus wearin shorts :P wht time u get done
User A: I'll be done around 4
User B: almost done then :P did u tell em tht u got a doctor appt tomorrow
User B: almost done then :P did u tell em tht u got a doctor appt tomorrow
User A: No..ill tell em tomm ..lol
User B: haha kk
User A: Still nervous?
User B: ya lol
User A: Dont be
User B: its not as bad as i was at first
User B: its not as bad as i was at first
User A: Ok good
User A: That y I think as soon as u get in my truck, u should kiss me.  Then u wont b nervous
User B: i will :)
User B: itll be the first thing i do :P
User A: Good.. then what will u do ??
User B: idkkk up to u :P
User A: I want u to pick
User B: no dealll lol hey ima go ride my bike ill be on later byeee :)
User A: Ok babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiii
User B: Hey u
User A: wht ya doin
User B: Watchin tv ..u
User A: jus got home
User B: From bike ride?
User A: ya :)
User B: Nice .. where do u go?
User A: pretty much everywhere haha im tired nowww
User B: Haha ... Gotta keep that booty in shape
User A: lmao!
User B: ;)
User A: im excited for tomorrow :D
User B: Same here ..what are u most excited about ?
User A: hahaha idk :P:)
User A: wht r u excited most about
User B: Lol
User B: Don't answer a question w a question.. ha
User A: i do wht i want ^_^
User B: Bla bla bla
User A: lol
User B: I'm just about to jump in shower ..ill msg u a little later :)
User A: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyy
User B: Whatcha doin
User A: hw blahhhh
User A: u
User B: Sux ..lol ..I'm watching tv
User A: oh wht ya watchin
User B: What's ur address ? I wanna mapquest and see how far u are from me and find that church
User B: Watching red sox
User A: i live on Decoy Rd
User A: h.o ill find the address to the church
User A: Church Address
User B: Ok got it ..prob like 40min away
User A: kk :)
User A: get me at 2:00
User B: That's gonna be too early babe ..no way I can sneak out that early ... I can prob do 4-5... That will give us 4-5 hours ... Cuz u gotta b home by 9?
User A: jus dont go n tell em ur sick haha
User B: I'm gonna ..but its hard to escape real early .. how many hours u wanna fuk ?? Lol
User A: lmao idkkk..jus dont goooo
User B: I'll get out early babe ..no worries.. I take my Job Serious cuz I make good $$ ..can't mess it up
User B: Lol
User A: so r u guna come at 2 lol
User B: Did u play w urself yet?
User B: I can't babe .. around 4
User A: -_-
User B: :(
User B: I'll eat you out even longer now
User A: i dont think ur excited as i am :(
User B: Im very excited babe ... I just gotta be careful w work
User A: k
User B: Every time I think about u ..I get excited ;)
User A: me to..i gotta finish my hw ill bbl
User A: nvm lol
User B: Do ur hw! Lol
User A: i can finish it in study hall :)
User B: Lol..lazy
User A: :D
User B: Lol..I gotta take dog out ..gimme few
User A: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u forget bout me?lol
User B: Never ...was watching the game .lol
User A: ohh..u want me to let u go
User B: No..its ok
User A: oooooooook
User B: Lol ..ur,cute
User A: y haha
User B: Cuz I said so ;)
User A: ^_^
User A: so ur guna be here at 4 tomorrow?
User B: Around 4 yes . I'll know better tomm
User A: oooook
User A: :D
User B: I can't wait till tomm
User A: i cant wait moreeee
User B: I can't wait to eat u out
User A: me either :)
User B: I can't wait till u blow me
User A: wht hotel r we goin
User A: hahaha i bet u cant lmao
User B: U gonna swallow?
User A: idkkkk lol
User B: Not sure what hotel ..ill look tomm during work
User A: well see
User B: I hope u do :)
User A: y do guys like tht so much lol
User B: Cuz it feels extra good ...and no mess,..lol
User A: lmao
User A: wht r u guna pick me up in so i dont walk up to some random car haha
User B: U don't wanna walk up and fuk the wrong guy ?
User B: Haha
User B: Black jeep
User A: lmao shutupppp
User B: That would be a baaaad mistake
User B: Lol
User A: uhhh ya think?hahaha
User B: LOL
User A: im tired..i think ima go to beddd
User B: Was just about to say same thing ... Night beautiful
User A: gniteee ^_^
User B: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyyy
User B: What u doin
User A: jus got home u?
User B: Nice ..u getting ready ? I'm getting ready to leave work
User A: yaaa :) 4 still?
User B: Around 4.. ill know better when I see,how traffic is on hiway.. I'm excited
User A: me to n im still a lil nervous haha
User B: Don't b nervous... What u gonna be wearing?
User A: right now i got a tshirt n jeans
User B: No yoga pants ?
User A: i didnt change yet lol i jus got home a lil bit ago
User B: Gotcha..  so what u gonna wear when I see u?
User A: u want me to wear my yoga pants?haha
User B: Yes pls ..what top?
User A: idkkk..should i jus wear a regular tshirt
User B: Whatever u want babe
User A: ill wear my light blue american eagle tshirt
User B: Ok.. so I know what to look 4 when I get there
User B: U gonna gonna big kiss as soon as u get in the car ?
User A: ya ^_^
User B: Good
User A: n a big hug too haha
User B: Dont 4get
User B: :)
User A: haha i wont :P
User B: Gooood
User A: did ur work say anything bout u leavin early
User B: No..they cool..as long as I don't leave too early
User B: I'm heading home now
User A: ohhh i seee :P
User A: yayyy ^_^
User B: ;)
User B: What time u gotta be home by ?
User A: probly by at least 9:30 jus to be safe
User B: Sounds good
User B: I'll msg u when I'm like 10-15min away
User A: kk :D
User B: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i didnt see ur msg sry..but im gettin sleepy n gotta go back 2 school 2morrow :(
User B: Are you gonna go to sleep right now or in a bit
User A: i think now..moms yellin at me 2 -_-
User A: ima dropkick her :P
User B: No
User B: You gonna leave me alone here ?
User A: :(ur makin me feel bad!
User B: No why you feeling bad baby?
User A: cus im leavin u here
User B: It's ok I guess
User B: When you gonna call me n how ?
User A: i will 2morrow n wht u mean how
User B: I mean isn't like you mom gonna be there again?
User B: Your^*^
User A: she works 2morrow 2nd shift
User B: Oh ok
User A: i gotta get off here ill tty 2morrow gniteee :)
User B: Then can I be with you on 2nd shift babe?
User A: if u want :)
User B: Of course
User B: Why wouldn't i ?
User A: idk lol..i gotta get off here moms yellin at me : gnite!
User B: Ur ass gonna be in trouble if I cum:P
User A: :):P
User B: Ok babe go ahead then good night muahhh on your sexy lips
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User A: Hellooo??
User B: heyyy :)
User B: kerjlkgjkrlglrtjgnnfdgdfng
User A: Sup
User B: nothinnn wht u doin
User A: I took a nap I was sleeping
User A: Laying in my bed
User B: ohhh i took a nap 2 when i got home :)
User A: You took one without me baby?
User B: i was tiredddd :P
User A: Yeah me too
User A: Are you home?
User B: yeppp
User A: Mom at work ?
User B: yepppppp
User A: Where's gma
User B: idk lol
User B: at her house i guess
User A: M.  M
User B: huh?
User A: Oh nice so you home alone?
User B: ya y
User A: Just asking
User A: You don't have any bro or sis?
User B: no :(
User A: Aw
User B: i can call u if u want but i dont have a lot of mins so it cant be 2 long
User A: Yeah
User B: whts ur #
User A: It is
User A: *edit*
User B: kk ill call u in a min!
User A: Call me
User A: You sound cute
User B: u sound more cuteeee :)
User A: Thank you
User A: I'm coming to see you
User B: whennn lol
User A: Right now
User B: really?:D
User A: Do you want me to?
User B: if u want 2!h.o lemme call my gma first 2 make sure she aint comin
User A: Wt time does she comes home
User B: my mom?she gets home around 10:15
User A: Oh your gma ok... But what time does your mom gets home from work
User B: 10:15
User A: I see
User A: Well then I could be with you for three hours :p
User B: :'(....
User A: What!
User B: i called my gma n she said shes comin over n cookin dinner 4 meX-(
User A: :(
User A: That sucks
User B: i tried to tell her i already ate but she said shes almost here :(
User B: whts ur schedule usually like?
User A: Whatever babe I don't have school at the moment
User A: You should skip the school one day and be with me
User B: like tell my mom im sick?
User A: That or tent like you going to school but your not n I'm gonna pick you up from there
User B: we can figure somethin out :D
User A: I wanna hold you and kiss you :p
User B: if i sy im sick my gma might come over so we probly shouldn do tht
User B: i wuna kiss u 2 :)
User A: Come over then baby let me feel your sexy lips
User B: i cant 2niteeee :(
User A: I wish I was there with you right now
User B: i wish so 2
User A: I wanna kiss your lips bite your neck n then
User B: :):\">
User A: I wanna see you babe
User B: i wuna see u 2
User B: brb gma jus got here
User A: O wow
User B: kk back
User B: y u say wow
User A: Bcuz I wanna talk to you
User B: i can talk :)
User B: wht u guna eat 4 dinner
User A: I'm not sure yet babe
User A: What are you making me tonight ?
User B: nothinnnn cus stupid gma came over X-(
User A: What if she didn't ?
User B: idk lol wht u want me 2 make ya?
User A: Something good:P
User B: lol do u like spicy food
User B: ?
User B: well idk where u went but ima get off here..mayb ill get back on later
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey babe
User B: wht ya doinnnn
User A: Just woke up Layin in my bed
User B: ohhhh sleepy head :P
User A: Cum n join me
User A: Waiting for you :p
User B: haha i wishhh :P
User A: Is that right
User B: ya im tired lol
User A: Wt if you were here laying next to me ?
User B: id take a nappyyyyy lol
User A: Wt if I won't let you sleep?
User A: I'm gonna lay on top of you n....
User B: haha u dont want me to sleeeep?
User A: No way
User B: y nottt lol
User A: You would wanna go to sleep if you were here with me ?
User A: Bcuz i wanna...
User B: ........
User A: Hold you, Kiss you, lick you every where n then..
User B: :):D
User A: Bite your cherry...
User B: my cherry???
User A: Your pussy :p
User B: ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :\">
User A: Can I?
User B: maybeeeeeee
User A: Maybe???
User B: hehehe :P ;)
User A: Would you let me put something in there? :P
User B: hmmm like wht :P
User A: What do you think ?
User B: ohhhh idkkkkk hahaha
User A: What can a guy put inside there ?
User B: probly 9023478 diff things
User A: Ok ??? So what would you rather have inside your pussy?
User B: y u gotta put me on the spot all the time :P
User A: Tell me
User B: dont put me on the spottttttttttt
User A: You always put me on ... So tell me I wanna know since you said 858588 things so what would you like to have in there ?
User B: jkhsdgkjhsdbkbjfgkldh
User A: ?????
User B: ghgshdfgkfkh
User A: Ok??????
User B: :)lol
User B: y didnt u msg me yesterday
User A: Nvm.
User B: ?
User B: now ur guna ignore me?really?
User A: Just like you Doing to me when I'm asking you something
User B: so ur done talkin 2 me now?
User B: w/e then bye
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sure you did you were on whole day yesterday I Messaged you but no reply
User A: Call me right now
User B: no i wasnt i was at school?i messaged u at night n u didnt answer..i got on today n got ur msgs's
User A: Well it showed that you were online
User A: Call me
User B: well idk y n i didnt get any msgs from u til i got on today
User B: i cant my gma is here..and even if she wasnt i got like no mins left
User B: y whts wrong?
User A: No mins? Who the hell you been talking to?
User B: mom n gma and friends
User A: You can talk to your friends ??? When I ask you to call you can't ok.
User B: i talked to u on it..n if my mom looks at my mins n sees ur number always poppin up i dont want her askin me who u r..i dont wuna get in trouble
User A: Tell her I'm your friend just like you talk to you friends n she see their numbers right ?????
User B: ya..i jus dont wuna risk it..if she knew i met som1 online shed kill me..:(
User A: Don't tell her how would she know ?
User A: Tell her I'm one if your school friends
User A: Of
User B: if she seen ur number..idk i jus dont wuna risk it
User B: dont it show where they call from?like the city
User A: No
User B: i thought it does
User A: If you call me private the number won't even show up on the bill
User B: i jus dont wuna risk it...
User A: K
User B: wht u doin this weekend
User B: k well if ur not guna talk back then ima get off here n watch a movie..bye
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: wht u mean uh huh?
User B: Go ahead watch your movie that is very important for you
User A: i did
User A: n u werent talkin
User B: Obviously I'm talking to you
User A: earlier u werent..i asked wht ur doin this weekend n u didnt say anything back
User B: Maybe I was busy doing something
User A: ok...
User A: idk y ur bein mean 2 me..im but im goin 2 bed gnite
User B: Ok I guess
User A: well ur not talkin n i can tell ur mad at me cus ur bein mean 2 me :(
User B: If is that what you think
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heyy
User B: Wats up
User B: What you doing
User A: tired lol u?
User B: Same here tired just laying down
User A: ya im bout 2 watch a movie in a lil bit...wht u been up 2?
User B: Bored
User B: Been working
User A: ohhh u work a lot?
User B: I try not to
User B: Full time 5 days
User B: Can you call me right now?
User A: i told u already a couple days ago
User A: the pic didnt send :(
User B: It shows sent
User A: it started 2 then didnt
User B: That sucks
User A: try again
User B: There
User A: didnt work again :'(email it 2 me
User B: Yahoo suck
User A: *edited*
User A: dont make fun of the name i had it since i was lil lol
User B: I was gonna say
User B: Sent btw
User A: kk h.o
User B: Let me see you
User B: Let me see your fine ass :P
User A: hahaha wowww verry funny :P
User B: Lol
User B: Wanna eat that banana?
User A: haha sure i like bananas :Dmy fav fruit
User B: Lol
User B: Then you gonna love my banana
User A: haha oh yeah?:P
User B: Uh huh
User A: silly boyyyyyy :)
User B: Let me see your fine ass:p
User A: u mean like a pic?
User B: Yea
User A: kkk h.o lemme find 1
User B: K
User B: Yea looking cute
User A: ty :)
User B: But I said let me see your sexy ass
User B: :p
User A: i dont got anyyyyy plus i got a tiny butt lol
User B: Yeah right let me see it I know it's big enough
User A: its lillll n i dont got any pics of it
User B: Take a pic of it n send it to me baby
User A: i aint got a cam for the 8765 timeeee
User B: :(
User A: i sry :(
User B: You have a cam for these pix
User A: buy me 1 :P hahaha
User A: there from a while ago from moms n my friends
User B: Hmm ok so you telling me there's no cam at all at your house?
User A: moms phone whenever shes here
User A: she has an iphone
User B: Which you can't even use obviously right ?
User A: right..idk her pw plus id be afraid of gettin caught somehow
User B: You making me wanna go there n bite your ass
User A: haha y
User B: Bcuz :(
User B: What you wearing right now?
User A: sweats n a sweatshirt...its cold 2day :(
User B: N what else?
User A: socks panties n bra lol
User B: :p
User A: :P
User B: I like thongs on girl
User A: i wear em sometimes
User A: i only got 2 tho
User B: You better wear em when I'm with you
User B: Wt color
User A: haha kk!
User A: pink n the other lime green
User B: I like both color but green is my fav
User A: :P
User B: What you got for me behind your panties ? :p
User A: hahaha ur silly
User B: Tell me?
User A: hey ima get off here ima watch my movie
User A: ur sillyyyyy :P
User B: So your movie is more important huh
User A: noooo i jus really wuna watch it n mom finally rented it
User B: Ok then have fun bye
User A: ttyl byeee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i told u i had 2 do the dishes n had 2 get off
User B: Without saying bye or anything :(
User B: Im mad at cha
User A: i waited n u didnt say bye
User A: im sry...:( ill leave u alone...:(
User B: Bcuz You just left
User B: I'm gonna kick your ass
User A: noooo :(
User B: Why you gonna leave me again
User A: u said ur mad at me :/
User B: When you should be cheering me up
User A: i jus dont like when ppl r mad at me
User B: Well I'm try not to but you give me reasons to
User B: Anyways
User A: :(
User B: Muaaahhh
User A: muuuuuaaahhhhh
User B: Aww
User A: :)
User B: I wanna feel your lips baby :p
User A: kk want me to put em against the comp screen?haha
User B: No
User A: i was jk lol
User B: Put em against my lips
User B: Mom at work?
User A: yepppp
User B: Are you home alone ?
User A: yeppppp
User B: Aw I wish I was there
User A: me tooo
User B: I'd take your sexy blue panties off :p
User B: Are you gonna let me?
User A: hehe oh yaaaaa?:P
User B: Are you gonna let me?
User A: idc lol :P
User B: You know what's gonna happen after I take your panties off right ?
User A: nooo wht
User B: Mmm I'm gonna lick your cherry n then ....
User A: my cherrrry?
User B: Your pussy
User A: ohhhhhh :P
User A: u there?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: wat up :)
User A: Nothing beautiful u
User B: nm jus talkin to u lol
User A: So why doesn't my age bother u
User B: y would it?
User A: Have 11years on ya
User A: You like older?
User B: ya all the guys my age are sooo lame
User A: Cause there14 and 15
User B: wats that?
User B: the pic ur sending me?
User A: Of me
User A: Nothing dirty I swear
User B: o lol ok.  i was jus asking and d/l it.  and guys my age r just imature.
User B: ur cute :)
User A: So are you
User B: ty :)
User A: I won't lie I like younger your age is my limit
User B: ur limit?
User A: Like too young silly
User A: Your fine with me
User A: I was worried I was too old for you
User B: o lol.  ok thats cool.  so wat do u like to do?
User A: Play roller hockey, go downtown, go to museums, drive around. You?
User B: dance, swimming, hang out wit my friends, go shopping.  wat do u do downtown?
User A: Oo lala ;)
User A: Walk around go to museums go skating in the winter
User B: cool :)
User A: Your cute
User B: lol thx so r u
User A: God I'm glad your ok with me
User B: lol duh
User A: But your the hott one;)
User B: lol w/e!  ur hotter
User A: Do you have any other pictures? I only saw your face
User B: ya 1 sec.  let me find some
User A: Your sexy how about that
User A: Yay ;)
User A: Sexy
User A: So what interests you in older guys? Jw
User B: jus bc guys my age are so lame.  all tehy want to do is hang out wit their friends.  they jus act so childish when they r wit their friends
User A: Or busy?
User B: no jus typin a book up there lol
User A: Lol aww
User A: Well I'm not here for sex or to use you ok
User B: ok :)
User B: ur sweet ;)
User A: I promise
User A: But u don't think it's gross I called you sexy
User B: no thats not gross
User A: Really
User A: Well you are sexy
User A: Where do u live
User B: not at all.  it made me happy :) and ty.  i live in schiller park.  hbu?
User A: I grew up in northlake
User A: I'm in Bartlett now
User B: o thats cool.  i just moved here.  how far away are u from me?
User A: Do u have more pics?
User A: Like 25 mins. Oh where did you live before
User B: ya i have a couple.  hold on i got to plug in my laptop.  its almost dead.  i lived in NY
User A: Aww
User A: Sexy and seductive
User B: ty :)
User A: I'd kiss ya ;)
User B: lol would u?
User A: If you wanted
User B: ya that would be cool :)
User A: Yay
User B: lol
User A: Only if you'd like me to
User A: Sorry that pic is bad
User B: ya i would :)
User B: its not a bad pic.  i think ur rly cute!
User A: Hold ya maybe to
User A: But no sex!
User B: lol ok!
User A: Lol too many guys try that on u I bet
User B: lol some but not alot
User A: Sorry
User B: y?
User A: Cause too many guys are dicks
User A: Any more pics?
User B: ikr, but it's w/e i jus leave them alone
User B: ya jus a sec
User A: Ok :)
User A: It failed
User B: o hold on ill send it again.
User A: Ok
User A: Shoulda had a swimsuit one
User B: cute smile :)
User B: uhhh no i look like a total whale in my swimsuit
User A: Lol
User A: Bs
User A: Your skinny
User B: #truth
User B: w/e
User A: All face shots hmmm
User B: h/u i got 1 for u
User A: Ok ;)
User A: Yummy yummy
User B: lol ty
User A: I likeeeee
User A: Very sexy
User B: ty :)  ur pic failed 2
User A: Wish I could see ya
User B: lol i jus sent u p ics
User A: I know they failed but I got them yay
User A: Lol
User B: they failed?
User A: I got them
User A: Hey I have to be up early for work, can we talk some more tomorrow please?
User B: yea that would be cool :)
User A: Ok night
User B: g'night
User A: Can't sleep
User A: Up?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Just off of work
User B: o cool
User A: You
User B: nm jus watchin my lil sis til my mom gets off work
User A: Aww
User B: ?
User A: My back is so sore from work
User B: wat do u do for work?
User A: Stripper jk
User A: Work in a warehouse
User B: lol thats cool.  the warehouse thing not the stripper job!
User A: Lol I know babe
User B: im g2g eat.  talk to u later?
User A: Aww
User A: But I just started
User B: my mom has dinner rdy i have to go eat
User A: Ok
User B: :( im sry!  i will be back on 2nite tho!
User A: Ok babe
User B: ok.  :) bye!
User A: Later
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: heya whats going on?
User B: Shit u
User B: Miss talking to u
User B: Busy?
User A: sorry i was getting a drink.  nm jus moved back in wit my dad.  my mom n dad got back together
User B: Aww
User B: Happy for ya
User A: o its gross.  idk wats worse, them fighting all the time b4 or them making out all the time now.  ugh
User B: Eww
User A: ya ikr!
User B: Make out in front of em
User A: lol wit who?  my sis?
User B: Me
User A: ya right my dad would kill us both!
User B: Lol
User A: lol how was ur weekend?
User B: So tell em knock it off
User B: Did u get ur gymnastics photos?
User A: i dnt think they could if they tried.
User A: no we have been moving n alot of stuff is still packed up
User B: Aww
User B: It's ok
User B: Mine was boring I was sick
User A: aww im sry :( wats wrong?
User B: Where did you move to
User A: highland park
User B: What's near there?
User A: its right on the lake
User B: O damn
User B: So now your further away
User A: jus a little bit
User B: Still worth the drive
User A: i cant drive yet lol
User B: No I can silly
User B: It'd be worth the drive to see you
User A: lol ur sweet!
User B: Ty
User B: I wish I could see u
User A: that would be cool
User B: What could we do
User A: we could go to the lake or see a movie or something
User B: The lake I like
User B: Bikiniiii
User A: i love going swimming!
User B: Me too
User B: Especially if you have a bikini lol
User B: ;)
User B: No?
User A: lol y a bikini?
User A: sry i was gettin my laundry
User B: Me too lol
User B: You don't have one?
User A: ya i have a couple but i look like a cow in them
User B: Bs lets see
User A: i dont have ne pics of it lol
User B: Please
User A: please wat?
User B: Aww should take one
User A: i have to find my camera.  its prolly still packed up.  ill take 1 next time i go swim
User A: the file transfer failed
User B: Ok. You can take a pic on here too
User A: how?
User B: At the top of the message
User B: Or chat box
User B: See it
User A: no i dnt have a webcam tho
User B: Not a webcam
User B: Do you have a cell phone
User A: ya but its an old phone my mom gave me. no cam.  i used to have a iphone but i broke it n she wont get me another :(
User B: Aww
User A: i know :(
User A: im about to go shopping wit my friend.  be back on 2nite.  talk to u then?
User B: Ask your dad
User B: Aww get her to take some pics silly
User A: ok i will.  ttys!
User B: Promise
User A: promise :)
User B: Yay
User B: Maybe ill send you a sexy pic
User A: lol ok sounds good :) hannah is here ttys!
User B: Aww
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ay wats up?
User B: Hey
User B: Me now ;)
User A: watcha doin?
User B: Laying in bed. Thinking of u
User B: How was time with your friend
User A: awww wat about me?
User B: How sexy you are
User A: it was so much fun :)
User A: lol w/e, ur sexy!
User B: What did u do
User B: I'd so do u first lol
User A: we just went shopping then came back here and ate and hung out
User B: Want that sexy pic?
User A: sure!
User B: No pic? Lol
User B: What kind would u like
User A: no sry i forgot :(
User A: w/e u want to send :)
User B: Aww
User B: Dirty clean
User A: its up to u!
User B: Mopey
User B: Nope u
User B: If you want a dirty one I don't mind
User A: lol ok :)
User B: A dick one?
User A: sure
User B: Really? Why jw ;)
User A: lol idk cuz u offered!
User B: Sending
User B: You can't show anyone
User B: Ok
User A: lol well duh.  i wont show neone!
User A: hot :)
User B: Hope you like it
User B: I've got a lot if you like
User A: sure :)
User B: Do I get anything?
User A: wat do u want?
User B: What would u like to give
User A: lol idk its up to u
User B: Well if you are uncomfortable with a pic you don't have to
User A: ur cute :) i have lots of pics on my fb and that i sent u.  im not uncomfortable wit pics
User B: You'd take one for me :)
User B: Like the last one?
User A: like the pic u just took?
User B: Do you like that pic
User A: ya ur cute :)
User B: Turned you on?
User A: def!
User B: Wet?
User B: You'd take a dirty pic for me?
User A: o hell no...my friend jo did that and her bf broke up wit her n showed every1 at school.  my parents would killl me
User B: Aww
User B: But u got to see me lol
User A: but i cant show ne1.  lol  i dont even rly know ppl here.  just a couple friends.  n u wouldnt get grounded if i showed my friends lol
User B: Oic
User A: o wow
User B: Bad?
User A: no, jus big
User B: I feel awkward showing you since your so young but it turns me on too
User A: omg im 14 not 4...
User B: I know and I like it
User B: I feel like a pedafile
User A: ur crazy...
User A: im not a lil kid
User B: I know :)
User B: I think your ficking beautiful
User A: ty :) i think ur pretty hot 2 ;)
User B: Turn down your volume this time a vid
User A: ok
User B: So since you've seen my dick what would u do withit?
User A: idk, never rly done ne thing wit 1 b4.  wat do u want me to do wit it?
User B: Hmm lick it
User A: ok i can do that
User B: Like the vid?
User A: ya :) ty for it
User B: I have a better one
User A: a better wat?
User B: Me its better
User A: sry!  wrong button!  send it again
User B: Ok
User B: Do u finger a lot
User A: it says it was stopped?
User A: do i wat?
User B: Finger a lot
User A: do wat to my finger???
User B: Yourself
User A: idk wat finger myself means....
User B: Masterbate
User A: oh....no i dnt do that
User B: Really
User A: nope
User A: it keeps failing :(
User B: Like my pics?
User A: ya i do :)
User B: Ok
User B: Like?
User A: it keeps failing
User B: One sec
User B: Refreshed it delete the combo
User B: Convo
User B: Like?
User A: it failed again :(
User B: Fuck
User A: i dnt have a webcam
User B: I hit it on accident
User A: o ok lol
User B: Delete ourconvo
User A: ok i will
User B: Ok
User B: Let me know when
User A: i'll delete it as soon as we stop talking.  im bout to go to bed... im soooo tired.  i'll delete it rite now, k?
User B: Ok
User A: talk 2marrow?
User B: Ok babe
User A: think about me!  g'night!
User B: Hope I made u wet
User B: I will ill jerkoff to u
User A: okay :)
User A: nite nite
User B: Mmm
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User A: Sup sexy
User A: ?
User B: nm hbu?  sry my mom yelled at me to do the dishes
User A: Aww
User A: Horny sadly
User B: lol ya?
User A: Yea
User A: You
User B: not doin nething just sittin here talkin to u
User A: Aww
User A: Missed me?
User B: duh :) u miss me?
User A: Fuck yea
User A: Wish I could see that sexy ass
User B: :x
User B: lol whatever its fat
User A: So? I'd still fuck it ;)
User A: Enjoy that video
User B: lol thx.  its still opening
User A: Ok
User B: ya i enjoyed it :)
User A: Enjoy it
User A: Hott huh
User B: very lol
User A: So can I see any pics from you
User A: So can I see any pics from you
User B: i didnt take ne new ones :( i cant find my camera
User A: Should ask a friend next time your with them to use there phone
User B: i will
User A: *phone number edited*
User A: Your my lil secret
User B: i am?  :) very sweet
User A: So you wet
User B: wat do u mean?
User A: From my video
User B: ummmm i dnt get it...
User A: Your pussy
User B: oh...ya it is
User B: sry i feel dumb now
User A: Good
User A: How come I only see like 9 pics on your Facebook
User B: i just started a new 1 when i moved to IL.  some stupid whore in NY kept posting shit on my fb n i just deleted it
User A: Aww
User A: So what are you doing tomorrow
User B: nothin just sittin at home bc my mom is working
User A: Aww
User B: hbu?
User A: If you can try to get the pics
User B: my mom locks her computer.  im not alllowed on it
User A: Work from 9-5
User A: Oh
User A: Not hanging with a friend tomorrow?
User B: wat do u do for work
User B: no i have to watch my lil sis
User A: Oic
User A: I work at a warehouse shipping out products for dollar stores and places like Walgreens
User B: o thats cool
User B: i think u told me that b4...sry
User A: It's ok babe
User A: Would you ever meet me
User B: do u want 2?
User A: Yea
User A: I'd love to
User A: If you what
User A: Want*
User B: thats cool :) sure i'd love to meet u
User A: Sweet
User A: I don't want to rush you into messing around ya know
User A: Or do u??
User B: im a big girl - no one rushes me into ne thing i dnt want to do
User B: do i wat?
User A: Lol messing around wise
User A: Haha
User B: well wat do u mean messing around?
User A: Kissing etc
User B: ya if u wanted to
User A: I'd love to
User A: I can teach z
User B: okay :)
User A: Ya some stuff
User B: o that would be fun :)
User A: Only thing is how do we avoid your rents
User B: i can jus say im hanging out wit my friend
User A: Ok
User A: But how would I get you or pick you up
User B: i could meet u somewhere
User A: Ok
User A: You want to fool around with me huh
User B: what do u want to do?
User A: You ;) lol
User B: lol do wat wit me?
User A: U name it
User A: What have u wanted to try
User B: lol idk nething about fooling around
User A: Sexually stuff
User B: ive never done it
User A: Not interested?
User B: ya i am.  i just dnt know ne thing about it
User A: Like a bj
User B: wats that?
User A: A blow job is sucking a penis
User B: oooo a blow job...ya ive heard about that but i dnt rly know how to do it.
User A: I can teach you
User A: I'm a kinky guy
User B: ok :) that would be cool.
User A: Would u let me lick your pussy
User B: if u wanted to
User A: Sure
User B: ok that sounds fun
User A: Do you have any leggings or stockings
User B: ya i have a lot of leggings for dance costumes
User A: Sexy
User A: I have a odd liking I won't lie about
User B: wat is that?
User A: I love when a girl jerks me off with her feet I know I know you can be grossed out sorry
User B: its not gross.  i jus dnt know how to do that
User A: Would you try it ever
User B: sure :)
User A: I'd love it
User A: Especially in the leggings
User B: ok :)
User A: I'm so hard
User B: lol y is that?
User A: Cuz of u
User B: ;)
User B: ur so nice.  :) im glad ur not immature like all the guys my age
User B: brb
User A: Jk
User A: Kk
User B: talk 2marrow?  im bout to fall asleep.  im sooo tired.
User B: g'night :*
User A: Ok night
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Yea
User B: wats goin on?
User A: Nothing u
User B: nm im getting tired :(
User A: Aww
User B: will u be on 2marrow?
User A: Yep
User A: I'm always on because its on my phone
User B: ok im goin to go to bed.  ill talk to u then.  g'nite
User A: Ok night
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: hey wats up?
User A: Nothing u
User B: nothin just hangin out
User B: how bout u?
User A: With who
User B: no 1 rite now
User A: Aww when are you
User B: when am i wat?
User A: Hanging with someone today
User B: nope just my mom n my sis.  my dads at work n my mom works 2nite.
User A: Oic
User B: wat r u goin to do today?
User A: Should get the gymnastics pic ;)
User B: lol i dnt do gymnastics.  i dance.
User A: I'm at work
User B: o blah
User A: The dance pics then silly
User A: Indeed
User B: lol hold on ill ask her
User A: Ok
User B: she said not now she's busy.  ya busy doin her freakin nails....
User A: After?
User A: And are you going to tell your friend what were doing ;)
User B: she said later.
User B: ya ill tell her
User A: Ok
User B: u act like u like her more than me :(
User B: ??
User A: I want u
User A: Babe dont worry
User B: ok :)
User B: r u busy at work?? we can talk l8r if u want...
User A: Yea sorry
User B: ok i will miss u!  talk 2 u 2nite?
User A: Aww ok
User B: ok bye babe :*
User A: U can text me
User B: i dnt have enough mins on my phone.  i have to wait til i get my allowance to get more mins.  n i want to save them for when we meet up so i can call or txt u and tell u where i am
User A: Ok
User A: Aww I can't talk to u all day
User B: i thought u were buys at work?
User A: I was
User A: Ok
User A: You busy
User B: no i was just ceanin my room
User B: cleaning
User A: Naked? Jk
User A: Hehe
User B: lol no im dressed silly.
User B: ok im goin to go swim wit my mom n sis.  i will ttys!  bye babe!
User A: Aww
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Ok
User B: sry i left my laptop open.  wats up?
User A: My dick ooo
User A: Jk
User B: lol ur so funny
User A: Sorry
User A: Miss u
User A: Busy?
User B: miss u 2.  no im just talkin to my friend on the phone
User A: Who
User B: my girl jo
User A: Tell her about me? Lol
User A: Lb
User A: Lol
User B: no!  lol im not sharing
User B: i told her i met a guy tho :)
User A: Lol yay
User B: i think u already sent me that one
User A: Aww
User A: You know I can go to jail for this
User B: well i wont tell neone
User A: It's worth this risk
User A: The youngest I've ever done was 17
User B: i could get grounded for the rest of my life 2.
User B: i thought u said u had sex wit a 16 yr old?
User A: Is it worth it?
User A: 16 sorry
User A: That image better
User B: every sec i spend talking 2 u is sooo worth it :)
User B: ya i like that one ;)
User A: Your my little secret
User A: U get your dance pic?
User B: no i asked my mom when we got home n she said not now shes busy.  shes ALWAYS busy.  but u can take pics when we meet up :)
User A: What pics can I take :D
User B: w/e pics u want.  u already sent me that one 2
User A: Dirty ones?
User B: oops wrong button.  send it again
User B: wat kind of dirty ones?
User A: Of you? Of us?
User B: of me n us doing wat? ;)
User B: o thats hot
User A: Sex?
User A: Like u riding me?
User B: sure :)
User A: I bet your a moaner
User B: wats a moaner?
User A: Are you shaven?
User B: ya i started shaving my legs when i was 11...
User A: Like you moan a lot when your fingering yourself or when you have pleasure
User A: No shaving your pussy
User B: i never fingered myself.  i never shaved down there either
User A: You have to borrow a friends phone and send me a pic babe
User B: hannah is the only 1 i know wit a iphone n she is goin on vacaton saturday :(
User B: do u still want to meet up on thurs?
User A: You don't need a iPhone
User A: Yes what time
User B: idk my moms schedule comes out saturday.  she works sat nite so i will know sunday if my mom works on thurs.
User A: Ok
User B: well the only friend i have wit a phone that takes pics
User B: im excited :D
User A: I wish u could grabme right now
User B: n give u a huge hug?! :)
User A: Yep
User B: me 2!  i can soon tho!
User A: How tall are you
User B: 5-1
User A: Weight?
User B: 95.  im a fatty
User A: Lol no your not
User B: fr
User A: I'm 5 10 215 I'm fat
User B: no ur not i saw ur pic
User A: I'm fat
User A: My dicks small
User B: it doesnt look small 2 me!
User A: Lol
User A: I hope you'll like it
User B: if ur easy n it doesnt hurt
User A: Are you going to shave your pussy? Or no
User A: I'd love a footjob
User A: Especially if you wear stockings
User A: Sorry extremely turned on right now
User B: do u want me to shave it?  i can do that n bring my stockings
User A: Would u for me?
User B: of course :)
User A: Are they thigh high?
User A: We should record it ;) jk
User B: no they r more like sheer leggings
User B: lol
User A: Aww lol
User A: We should take a pic of us fucking and tell your friend be like surprise virgin no more lol
User A: Jk
User A: Ill def be wearing a condom
User B: lol ok.  ya i dnt want ne kids yet!
User A: Good
User A: Same here
User A: Just where will we do it
User B: idk where do u want 2 do it?
User A: In your butt jk umm no clue how long can you be out for
User B: lol depends on wat time we meet up.  til my mom gets home from work
User A: What time does she work till
User B: idk yet her schedule isnt out
User A: What time usually?
User B: depends on if she works a 12 hr shift or a 8 hr shift.  shes a nurse so its always different times
User A: O
User A: What bout ur dad and sis
User B: my dad is dumb i can jus tell him im goin to jo's house if he's home.  my sis is 11.  she can take care of herself for a few hours
User A: Lol
User A: He will be like where the hell are you going with leggings on  in this heat
User B: i will bring them wit me in my purse.  ill just tell him im goin swimming
User A: Lol
User A: You should fingertip ought
User A: Finger tonight*
User B: u already sent me that 1.  my mom just yelled at me to eat.  be back in a bit
User A: Ok
User B: miss me :) ttys
User A: I am
User B: me 2.  bye babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sup
User B: hey u :) nothin just chillin.  u?
User A: Find out your moms schedule?
User B: no not til sunday
User A: Fuck
User A: What have you been doing today
User B: jus hangin out n watchin tv.  u?
User A: Alone?
User B: no wit my dad
User A: Aww
User B: ya sry :(
User A: It's ok
User A: Whatcha wearing;)
User B: some black pants and a white tank top.  u?
User A: No panties? Lol
User A: Hawks shirt and shorts w boxers
User B: lol ya im wearing panties
User A: What kind :)
User B: black ones
User A: Thong?
User B: no bikini
User A: Lol
User B: ;)
User A: U shave?
User B: not yet
User A: Aww when
User B: i will b4 we meet up
User A: Ok sorry I'm always sexual
User B: lol its ok :)
User A: You like it
User B: i dnt mind it ;)  im gonna jump off here n go straighten my hair. its a mess n im supposed to go out wit the fam 2nite.  yay family nite... gag.  ttys?
User A: Aww
User A: Ok
User B: ok bye babe!
User A: Later sexy
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Done at hockey
User A: Sup
User B: sry i was in the shower
User B: wat u doin?
User A: Aww tittys
User A: We won our game
User A: U
User A: Or busy
User B: congrats!  how many points did u score?!
User B: no just brushin my teeth
User A: None lol
User A: Ill brush em lol
User B: lol brush my teeth?
User A: With my junk
User B: lol ok
User B: that might hurt dnt ya think?
User A: Naw
User A: So you excited for wed
User B: freakin stoked.  how bout u?
User A: Hard as hell
User B: lol o ya?
User A: Yea so you promise ill see you
User A: What are you doing
User B: cross my heart.  u promise ill see u?
User A: Yes swear to god
User B: im just folding my laundry.  u?
User B: :)
User A: I need to get you a camera
User B: yes u should :)
User A: I can get you a cheap phone possibly
User A: And a dildo
User B: that would be cool
User A: U busy
User A: I wish I could call u
User B: maybe i can call u when my parents arent here
User A: Ok when
User B: ya im just tryin to get my chores done for 2marrow so i dnt have to do nething.
User B: idk, my mom is off 2marrow mon and tues
User A: Oh ok
User A: Ok?
User A: What's on your mind
User B: ill be back in a bit. im goin 2 finish up wat im doin
User B: k im done.  :) u there?
User B: ?
User A: Here
User A: Sorry
User A: U there
User B: ya im here
User B: where did u go?
User A: I'm at the bar after hockey but I left
User A: Wish I could come see u tonight
User B: o ok.  i wish u could 2 :)
User A: Can I? We can chill for a few
User B: i cant get out
User B: my house has an alarm n i dnt kno the code
User A: Aww
User B: :( sry.  i wish i could
User A: It's ok
User A: Tom?
User B: i cnt my mom will be home
User A: Aww
User A: U shave?
User B: not yet.  i will on wednesday tho
User A: In front of me?
User A: Hmm
User B: if u want me 2.  or i can do it b4 i see u
User A: Your call
User B: ill prolly do it by myself the 1st time
User A: Think it would be hott
User B: what would be?
User A: U shaving
User B: i will
User A: Alone or with me
User B: which ever u want
User A: Ur call
User A: If ur nervous u don't have to
User B: ill just do it b4.  maybe later ill do it wit u when i know how to do it
User A: Ok
User B: i dnt want 2 look stupid in front of u
User A: Babe it's okay don't worry about it
User B: ty for bein so nice about it :)
User A: No problem I like you it's okay
User B: i like u 2 :)
User B: im so tired.  i think im g2g to sleep.  can we talk 2marrow?
User A: You're sweet and sexy
User A: All okay good night
User A: Think of me
User B: always do.  think of me 2.  g'nite babe.  xoxo.
User A: I'm always hard when I think of you
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babe.  wat u doin?
User B: Nothing u
User A: just got back from the pool wit my friend jo.  im about to go to her house to spend the nite
User B: She have a cell?
User A: no
User B: Aww a computer
User A: ya but i dnt think she has yahoo
User B: Download it there silly
User A: i will try if she'll let me but we r doin a girls nite n she will prolly get mad if i stay on the comp
User B: Aww
User A: sry babe.  we can talk 2marrow tho
User B: Aww
User B: But yyy
User A: i all ready told her i would :(
User B: Ok
User A: mad at me?
User B: No
User A: ok.  ttys babe :*
User B: Later
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey
User A: i cnt stay on long or jo will get mad at me.  r u there?
User B: Yea
User B: I'm here
User A: wats up
User B: My dick jk
User B: So she don't have a cell?
User A: lol
User B: Or a computer with a camera?
User B: Nothing dirty
User A: no she dnt.  her parents wnt let her have 1 until she makes better grades
User A: no she has an old comp like me
User B: Oic
User B: Aww
User B: Damn
User B: Sad
User A: im sry :(
User B: Lol
User A: u mad at me?
User B: U two having fun
User B: Nope
User A: ya watchin a movie n eatin pizza
User B: Yummy
User A: peperoni n banana peppers..mmm
User B: Lol
User B: Take pics lol
User A: wats ur fav stuff on pizza?
User A: oh i forgot to tell u.  all my mins are gone on my cell until thurs when my dad gets paid.  :(
User B: Pep
User B: Aww
User B: I'm still seeing u
User B: Go have fun
User A: ur still going to see me on wednesday?
User A: ok i just wanted to say hi to u real quick
User B: Yes
User B: Lol
User A: :) ok tty 2marrow.
User B: Later
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u still there?
User B: Hey
User A: hey :) wat u doin?
User B: Just off of work u
User A: just got back from shoppin wit my mom
User B: Get anything good
User A: ya got some school clothes n some sneakers n boots.  how was work?
User B: Boots huh
User B: Tiring
User A: ys that?
User B: Mondays are always rough
User B: So what time am I meeting you wed
User A: wat do u do on mondays?
User A: 11ish ok?  my dad leaves for work rite b4 9 n i need time to get ready n then walk over ot the park
User B: Ok I work with party city orders
User B: I have a black Nissan Altima with Blackhawks license plates
User A: ok theres a bench by the play stuff.  ill wait on the bench if i get there first.  if u do, wait for me there.
User B: There may be a lot of benches
User B: Ill have on sports shorts probably and a hat on backwards
User A: theres only 1 right beside the kids play stuff.  its a small park
User A: wat color hat?
User B: It's black with lime green
User A: k :)
User B: Like the pic?
User A: it failed :(
User B: Aww
User B: Trying against
User B: Again
User A: its not working.  brb
User B: K
User B: It sent
User A: ya i got it.  hot.  :)  brb
User B: Ok
User B: What's the address for the park again
User A: *Edited*
User B: Ok
User B: I think I'm buying the stockings tonight
User B: And what town highland park?
User A: ya highland park. thats cool :) can u send me a pic of the stockings?
User B: I have to buy them first
User A: i ment after u buy them
User B: Just remember on wed come on here and ill chat with you to let you know when I'm close
User B: Ok if your still on
User B: You said black right
User A: ur cute :) ya black stockings.  n i will be on here but i will be slow talkin on wednesday bc ill be gettin rdy 2
User B: Babe dont worry about getting ready so much. What are you going to be doing?
User A: shower, do my hair , my make up. all that.  brb ive got to eat dinner
User B: Aww ok
User B: Buying them now
User B: Want bows or no
User A: no bows.
User B: Ok
User B: Got us something
User A: wat did u get us?
User B: Got ya this ill take a pic
User B: And another thing
User A: wat else?
User B: Lol one second
User B: I hope you like it :(
User B: Do u like the stockings?
User A: ya those r cute!
User A: the other pic failed :(
User B: Ok cool
User B: What about the toy
User B: Sending again
User B: Sent
User A: wat is that?
User B: It's a vibrator
User B: You wanted one right?
User A: o ok.  that looks rly big.
User B: It's small
User B: Ill take it out
User B: I tried to get the smallest one because I know your petite
User B: You don't like it?
User A: o ok.  ty :) i have to leave that at ur place bc if my mom found that she would kill me.
User A: ya i like it
User B: Ok cool babe
User B: I bought cleaner for it too
User B: Maybe ill leave it in the car for you ;)
User A: ty :) ur so sweet
User B: It cost me 70 bucks for all this
User B: But your worth it
User A: o wow!  thats alot!
User B: Naw it's ok
User B: It'd be so hott if you used it while I drive
User B: I'd bring a blanket for ya
User B: Are you excited or nervous
User A: ya i will do that.  im excited but kinda nervous 2.
User B: Me too
User B: Just remember to delete our convos
User B: I hope you'll love it to be honest
User A: i will but no 1 ever uses my comp.  i think i will like it :)
User B: Ok good
User B: It has the extra knob thingy for your clit
User A: o thats wat that is for! lol i was wondering.....
User B: Yes
User B: I got stockings a toy and all I need is you
User A: ok 2 more days!
User B: Indeed
User B: What are you wearing that day
User A: my dark green tank top n jean skirt n gold sandals.
User B: Jean skirt? Hmmm
User B: A thong?
User A: i can if u want
User B: Lol
User B: I'd steal it ;) jk
User A: lol
User B: Ok I have to start driving home now. Will you be on?
User A: i will be on in just a bit.  im about to do downstairs n watch tv for a while but ill come back n talk to u about 9.  that ok?
User B: Ok
User A: thx for my presents :) ttys!
User B: Anytime
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Back
User B: hey u
User A: Sup
User B: nothin just hangin out.  hbu?
User A: Same
User A: Got the toy ready for u
User B: how did u get it rdy?
User A: Batteries
User B: o ok lol
User A: Lol
User A: Horny?
User B: lol ya inda
User B: kinda
User A: Aww u
User A: Y
User B: lol idk jus talkin about the toy
User A: Oo
User A: It's got the clit thingy
User B: ya i saw that.  thats cool
User A: U shave?
User B: not yet i will wednesday morning tho
User A: Do it before
User A: Tonight or tomorrow
User B: y is that?
User A: It may burn
User B: wat?  y will it burn?
User A: If you nick yourself
User B: o ok i will 2marrow when i shower
User A: Ok
User A: U wet
User B: not rly
User B: its just doesnt seem real talkin bout it on the comp
User A: I know
User B: r u sure u have off work on wed?
User A: Yep
User A: Made sure today
User B: thats good :)
User A: Fuck yes
User B: im stoked
User A: Me too
User A: No period right
User B: no im not
User A: Ok good
User A: Feet clean?
User B: duh.  always
User A: Lol
User B: me n hannah just got pedicures last weekend
User A: Painted?
User B: white tips
User A: Sexy
User A: Wish I could see
User B: u can on wednesday
User A: On my cock ;)
User B: lol yep
User A: Hehe
User B: brb
User A: K
User A: Zz
User B: sry i was brushin my teeth n washin my face
User A: Lol k
User B: wat r u doin?
User A: Hockey
User B: on xbox?
User A: Yep
User B: o cool
User A: U have Xbox
User B: ya but i never play it.  its my dads
User A: Aww
User A: I'd talk to U on it
User B: hey my head is rly hurting.  idky but its killin me 2nite.  can i talk to u 2marrow?  im goin to go lie down.
User A: Ok feel better night
User B: ok thx babe.  g'nite
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: There?
User B: hey u:)
User A: Sup
User A: Less then 24 hours
User A: Nervous?
User A: Or busy
User B: stoked, but a little nervous.  are u?
User A: Same
User A: So 11 right?
User B: ya 11 is good.  u live like an hour away rite?
User A: Yea why not 10?
User B: jus so i can have time to do my makeup and get dressed n everything after my dad leaves.  then i have to walk to the park.  we can do 10:30 if u want?
User A: What time do u get up at?
User B: ill be up b4 my dad leaves, but if i start gettin rdy b4 he leaves hes goin to ask where im goin.
User A: Oic
User A: Don't worry about your hair and makeup it'll be fine
User B: ya rite.  i am NOT meeting u wit out my hair n make up done!!!
User A: Lol ill just messily up anyway lol
User B: well im still goin to have it done when u first see me lol
User A: Lol ok
User A: U shave ?
User B: ya i did this morning
User A: Sweet!
User B: ;)
User A: So *address edited*
User B: yep!  its rite by the lake
User A: Ok and is there a lot of parking there
User B: ya but theres never alot of ppl there so u should be able to park
User A: K
User B: i have to go eat dinner.  ill be back on in a lil bit.  ttys!!! :*
User A: Aww ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey u :)
User A: r u there?
User B: Yea
User B: Sorry was driving
User A: its cool.  whatcha up 2?
User B: Just visiting friends u
User A: jus excited about seein u!
User B: Me too
User A: well if ur wit friends i can just talk to u l8r if u want?
User B: Just be online when I'm driving down so I can talk to u
User B: Naw it's ok
User A: i will.  but i will have to leave the house b4 u get there bc i need to walk to the park.  its like 15 or 20 mins.
User B: Oh wow
User B: It's a big park too
User A: ya i dnt want ne of my neighbors to see me.
User B: Ok
User A: its not rly that big.
User B: Ok lol
User B: Do u want me to bring the stockings and toy for ya ;)
User A: ya bring them wit u.  ill put the stockings on in the car
User B: Ok
User B: Are we going to eat before we meet up or during
User A: we can get some lunch 2gether on the way to ur house if u want?
User B: Sure
User B: Ill eat u ;)
User B: Lol
User A: k :) lol
User B: So whatcha doing
User A: nothin jus talkin 2 u :)
User B: Yay
User A: omg im so stoked!
User B: Gotta get some good sleep tonight too
User B: Gotta go ok?
User A: ok.  u gonna be back on 2nite?
User B: Prolly not
User A: will u be online in the morning?
User B: Yes I will
User B: I promise
User A: ok tty then.  :* goin to go to sleep so i dnt have ugly dark circles under my eyes 2marrow.  lol.  g'nite babe.
User B: Lol night
User B: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Up?
User B: ya  i just got out of the shower 2.  my dad just left :)
User A: Sweet
User A: I'm heading to the bank and gas station then ill be there
User A: I have a blackhawks shirt on that's red and a black and green hat on backwards
User B: yay :)   its kinda cold out.  do u mind if i wear jeans instead?
User B: let me know when ur like 20 mins away so i can start walking there
User A: Aww it'll warm up
User A: Ok
User B: ill bring my skirt wit me n if it gets warmer ill just change
User A: Ok :)
User B: :)
User A: Ahh. Nervous
User B: y?  i dnt bite ;)
User A: Lol
User A: Im nervous cuz I can go to jail
User B: well are u gonna call the cops?
User A: No
User A: R u
User B: uhhh no.   thats just wat i need - another adult tellin me wat is best 4 me n they dnt even know me.
User A: Ok gassing up my car brb
User B: k
User B: how far away r u now?
User A: One sec
User B: one sec away from the park?
User A: Hour away
User A: Did u call?
User B: no i dnt have ne mins left on my phone
User A: No no I'm an hour away
User B: o lol i thought i was gonna have to run!
User B: im gonna put a grey hoodie on so my hair doesnt get wet
User A: Okay I'm going to be driving now
User B: ok let me kno when ur 20 mins away
User A: Ok
User A: Yay
User B: im excited!
User A: Me too
User B: the park is at teh end of central ave by the beach.
User A: Ok
User A: I'm 20 minutes away
User B: k.  gotta get my purse n my lip gloss n hoodie, then im walking there
User A: Ok
User B: see u soon!!! :*
User A: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey baby :)
User B: Been waiting for u
User A: sry i wasnt on earlier i went 2 my friends after school
User B: It's ok cutie :*
User B: Glad your here now
User A: :) wht ya doin?
User B: Nothing just sitting here
User B: Bored
User B: How was school ??
User A: blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
User B: Yea that's how was my day too
User A: booo :(
User A: ur guna b mad at me lol
User B: Why??
User B: Why would I be mad
User A: i have 2 get off here 4 a lil bit..i wanted to get on jus 2 say hi..but mom told me i could only go 2 my friends after school if i promised to clean the hosue b4 she gets home...so i have 2 clean n then shower n then ill b back on i promise!
User A: i wanted 2 get on first tho n c if u were on n say hi
User A: plz dont b mad :(
User B: I'm not mad I'm happy you said hi
User A: :D
User B: I just missed u so much
User A: u missed u 2!thts y i wanted 2 get on b4 i started cleanin
User B: Awww your so sweet
User A: ;)
User A: ill bb on in like an hr and a half!kk?
User B: I hope you will talk to me more in a few
User B: Ok baby :*
User A: ttyl :-*
User B: I will be here waiting for u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiii :)
User B: Hey
User B: How's my baby
User B: Did u sleep good??
User A: im good :) u?
User B: How was school ??
User A: ya i slept real good!
User B: Did U have a good day ??
User A: it was ok i got an A on my math test :D
User B: I'm good.  I'm better since your on
User A: awwww :)
User B: Aww I'm proud of you
User A: ty :P
User B: My smart lil gf
User B: :*
User A: heheeee
User B: So what u doin baby girl
User A: nuttin i jus got on here
User A: checkin my fb
User B: That's cool I don't like Facebook anymore
User A: y not?
User A: i jus started usin it again like a month ago
User B: Just don't like it
User B: That's cool :)
User A: lol i dont use it a lot but i play games on it
User A: candy crush :)
User A: do u have 1?
User B: Aww y baby is addicted to candy crush
User A: lmao :P
User B: Yes I have one
User B: But I'm private so I would have to look u up
User B: Do u want me to add my baby
User A: wht should i look up
User B: Just give me your name on there so I can add u
User B: So can I have it :)
User B: U there baby ???
User B: Cati???!
User B: Where are u
User B: :(
User A: im sry babe :( i let my dog out 2 go 2 the bathroom and he started runnin away so i had to chase him!X-(
User A: my name on there is cait shanda
User B: Ok i just thought u left me
User A: im sry babe :(
User A: omg its freeeeezing out 2!stupid dog
User B: Stupid dog is right
User A: :P
User A: wuna see a pic of him lol
User B: Yea :)
User B: Your cute with your puppy
User A: ty :)
User B: Did u want me to warm u up
User A: ya its so coldddd!:'(
User A: u didnt add me on fb
User B: Said no results
User A: Cait Shanda
User A: h/o
User A: *edited*
User B: Found u
User A: :D
User B: Sent friend request
User A: added :)
User B: Sweet
User A: dont post nething on mine tho i dont want mom or ne1 else besides cara 2 kno bout u
User A: i hope thts ok....
User B: Ok :)
User B: I love your purple shirt
User A: sry i dont mean tht in a mean way
User A: ty :)
User B: I know baby
User A: kk jus makin sure :D
User A: my gma jus got here babe
User B: Did she
User A: ya ima have 2 get off here -_-
User A: r u guna b on 2nite?
User B: :(
User B: Yes I will be here all day
User A: im sry shell jus keep botherin me n tell my mom i was on the comp the whole time!
User B: Waiting for my girl
User A: ill ttyl love u bye!
User B: Love u baby
User B: Hit me up when u can
User B: :*
User B: My baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiiiiiiiii
User B: Hey baby girl how was school m\"
User B: :)
User B: I missed u
User A: no 2 bad n i missed u 2!:)
User B: Thought about u all day
User A: i thot bout u all 2 day babe :)
User B: I hope good things
User A: duhhh :D
User B: My baby
User B: Brb
User B: Stay here
User A: kk
User B: I'm back
User A: kk where u go?
User B: Got to go the bank becket
User A: huh
User B: Before it closer
User A: ohhhhh
User A: babe ima get off here 4 a lil bit..will u b on in like 2 hrs?
User B: Ok baby I love u so much
User A: i love u 2 ima miss u :( byeee!
User B: I will miss u more sorry just had to make the bank my job mailed me a paper check
User B: I love my ban
User B: Baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: im back babe :)
User A: babe?:(
User B: Hey baby girl
User A: whatcha doin
User B: I love u do much m
User B: I'm eating
User A: i love u 2 babe :)
User A: wht u eatin?
User B: China food and ice cream
User A: yummyyyyyy
User B: It is
User A: u got any plans this weekend
User B: No just right now eating u
User A: im goin 2 caras 2morrow
User B: That's cool
User A: yaaaaa
User A: next weekenddddddd :D
User B: I can't wait either
User B: I love my baby
User A: i love u 2 :)
User B: My baby girl
User B: I gtg my dad needs something brb ok :)
User B: Plz don't be mad
User A: kk
User A: its k
User B: I love u
User B: So much
User B: I miss u
User A: love u 2!
User B: I dreamed about u
User A: wht was it about :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby just for out the shower. How's my girl :*
User B: hiii :) im good cara n her mom jus picked me up!were goin 2 ihopppppp
User A: Sounds yummy. So is this your phone number???
User B: yepppp u didn't save it when I called?
User A: I didn't know if it was your moms or not but I just saved it
User A: :*
User B: yep its mine! :-*
User A: I loves u
User B: love u 2!wht u doin 2day?
User A: Nothing going to the store but some soap and stuff like that
User B: ohhhhhh
User A: So much fun right
User B: lol :P
User A: :*
User A: What your fav song
User B: hmmmm i dont really have 1 lol..I like any of chris young songs!
User A: That's awesome
User B: wht bout u?
User A: I like streetlight manifesto
User B: i never heard of it ill have 2 look it up later :P
User A: Ok baby girl
User A: :* so did u get picked up yet
User B: ya were at ihop now
User A: What u going to get ???
User B: colorado omlette!its my favvv it has a bunch of meat in it n I put salsa on top :)
User A: Sounds yummy
User A: Your so cute
User B: it is!:D n y u say tht lol
User A: You just are
User B: :)
User A: I love my baby
User B: love u toooo :)
User A: How was IHOP
User B: it was good!i couldnt eat all mine lol
User A: Oh yea
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Baby :*
User B: hiiii i missed u! :-*
User A: I missed u more
User A: :*
User B: :)
User B: did u sleep good
User A: Yes
User A: I slept dreaming of you
User B: awww :)<3 wht u dream bout
User A: Licking your pussy
User B: hehehe ;)
User A: With my tounge
User B: well duhhh how else haha
User B: well duhhh how else haha
User B: u got a nice big tongue :)
User A: Better to lick u with
User B: hehehe
User B: wht u doin?
User A: Eating a muffin
User A: U
User B: jus on here moms makin pancakes :D
User A: Mmmm yummy
User B: have u ever put peanut butter on ur pancakes?its my favvvvvvvvvvvvv
User B: peanut butter n syrup!
User A: No but it sounds yummy
User B: u should try it :)
User A: I wanna out peanut butter on u
User B: hahah y u wuna do tht :P
User A: Just to be silly and sexy and so I can lick it off
User B: hehe have u ever done tht
User A: Nope
User B: ohhhhhh me either
User A: So did u like my show last night
User B: yesss i loved it!it made me smile :)
User A: How big of a smile
User B: real big..like this ---> :-D
User A: My baby brb going to eat
User B: me 2 bb in like 15
User A: Ok
User B: kk back!
User A: I'm back too
User B: kk
User A: How was your breakfast
User B: yumyyyyyy
User B: how was urs
User A: Good
User A: Did u spread peanut butter over them
User B: yaaaaaaa n syrup
User A: Sounds good
User B: mhmmmm!!1
User A: sounds yummy
User B: wht u doin 2day
User A: nothing u
User B: nothin i dont think..mom probly wont drive me newhere since its snowin
User A: yea its bad outside
User B: it snowin there 2?
User A: ice snow is coming soon
User B: im so ready 4 summer
User A: me too baby girl
User B: i need to get my tan on hahaha
User A: i know you look good with a tan
User B: :)
User A: my baby
User B: :-*
User A: :*
User A: so you going to stay in with me
User B: yaaaa
User A: awesome
User A: so...........
User B: soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
User A: i wanna kiss u
User B: i wuna kiss u 2 babe :)
User B: u make me smile
User A: do i
User B: ya :D
User B: do i make u smile
User A: all the time
User B: awww <3
User A: i love u
User B: i love u 2!!:-*
User A: i love you more
User B: :D
User B: hey babe ima get off here 4 a lil bit
User B: ill be back on later tho
User A: ok baby
User B: love u byeeeeee
User A: i hope you hurry back
User A: i love u too
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i miss uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
User B: i miss you more baby girl
User A: noway!
User B: way
User A: nopeeee
User B: how much you miss me
User A: this much <                                                                                                                                 >
User B: thats alot
User A: :)
User B: i miss you more than that tho
User B: been thinking about u all day
User A: i been thinkn bout u 2 babe
User B: what u thinking about
User A: bout givin u a biggggg hugeeee hug!
User B: how big
User B: i can wait to smother you with kisses
User B: and lick your body
User B: i wanna taste your skin
User A: :)ya i cant wait!
User B: i can't wait either
User B: i get horny alot thinking about u
User A: :)
User A: :\">
User B: does that make u blush
User B: can i call you ??
User B: i know but i just wanna hear your voice again
User A: babe i told u......
User B: i knwo
User A: every time u ask u make me feel bad....
User B: i just wanna hear your voice baby
User B: i dont want you to feel bad
User A: well u make me feel bad..i wuna hear urs 2 but i cant....
User B: i will make u feel better
User B: when i see u
User B: i'm sorry i can't help but to hear your sexy voice
User A: youll hear it soon :)
User B: i know baby
User B: so how was school baby girl
User A: not goood.....
User B: why nt baby what happen
User A: i got a d on my test......
User B: aww poor thing
User B: what test
User A: history..mom guna b so mad
User A: so ima cook dinner 2nite to hopefully make it better 4 when she gets home
User B: it will be ok baby girl
User A: idk..i even studied :(
User B: its ok baby
User B: i still lve you
User B: love
User A: :)i love u 2 babe
User B: your my baby
User B: and your perfect the way you are
User B: i love your smile and perfect lil ody
User B: and your smarter than u think
User A: im jus bad at history
User B: its ok baby
User B: i love u so much
User A: i love u 2!
User B: have you fingered your self last night
User A: ya i did but only 4 a lil bit
User B: did u cum????\
User A: nooo i had 2 stop cus mom was walkin around outside my door
User B: did you start to moan
User A: a lil bit thts y i had 2 stop
User B: awww
User B: just dont wanna hurt you when my big cock is in u
User A: i kno haha ima do it again 2nite
User B: just try to do it some more tonight
User A: i am
User B: good baby girl
User B: you like my cock tho
User A: ya hehe
User B: do u think u can handle it
User A: ya :)
User B: i might hurt it tho
User B: i just dont want u to be mad at me if i do
User A: i wont b mad babe thts y im tryin 2 get ready 4 it
User A: i couldnt b mad at u <3
User B: :)
User B: ihope not
User B: i hope im all that you think of me
User A: u r :)
User B: i hope so
User B: i just don't wanna let you down
User A: babe u wont!i kno u wont!
User B: i want you so bad
User B: just a couple more days
User A: :D:D:D:D
User B: so baby where im i picking you up at
User A: idk yet
User A: hey babe ima get off here n start cookin dinner
User A: u guna b on later?
User B: you know i am
User B: you know i will be here waiting for my baby
User A: kk :) love u byeee
User B: hurry back baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babe :(
User B: whats wrong baby
User A: im not allowed on here 2day..mom got real mad about me gettin a d on my test
User B: awwww
User B: :(
User B: that really suck
User A: n my gma came over n mom told her to not let me on here n to study...:'(
User B: that really sucks
User A: i kno :(...if she leaves b4 mom gets home ill get on
User B: ok baby you know i will be here waiting for u
User A: kk..plz dont b mad at me n dont b mad if i cant get on..im so sry :(
User B: i'm not mad just alil sad but i understand
User B: just because i love my baby girl
User A: kk i gotta get off babe i love u so much!bye
User B: i u alot more
User B: i love u alot more
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sorry i wasnt online i was talking to my dad when you messaged me
User A: it sucks you cant go out but you know i love you
User B: im so sry babe :(..ill try n suck up 2morrow but i dont want u 2 leave n then me not be allowed 2 go out
User B: plz dont be mad :(
User A: im not mad
User B: im so mad at myself :'(
User A: ii know u are
User A: but i love you
User A: im not mad
User B: i love u 2
User A: i understanf
User A: understand
User B: i gotta get off here..ill probly b allowed back on 2morrow
User A: i hope so
User A: can u call me
User B: i love u so much babe n i miss u
User A: maybe??
User B: no i dont have my phone
User A: i miss u more baby
User A: can i call your house phone if u got one??
User B: we dont have 1 :(
User A: can u talk for a min or you got to get off
User B: love u babe hope u have a good nite n a good day at work 2morrow
User A: i hope you have a good day at school baby
User B: i gotta get off if she catches me ill get in even more trouble
User A: i miss my lil girl
User A: ok baby
User A: i love you
User A: good night
User B: love u bye :-*
User A: sweet dreams
User A: :*
User A: xoxoxoxox
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiiii
User B: Hey baby
User B: Miss u
User A: wht u doin
User A: i miss u 2!
User B: Driving home
User A: ohhh
User A: well ima get off here ima take a nap..r u guna b on later?im allowed on the computer now
User B: :) yes I will be on later
User B: I love u
User A: kk well ill ttyl!love u!
User B: I love u more baby girl :*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: :-S...
User B: Hey baby
User A: hiiii!:D
User B: How's my bsby
User B: Baby
User A: better now :) u?
User B: I'm ok
User A: jus ok?
User B: Yes
User A: whts wrong
User B: Sad
User A: y :(
User B: Y u think
User A: ur guna make me cry...:-S
User B: I'm sorry
User B: Just wanted u
User A: i did 2 babe..im so mad at myself..
User B: It's ok
User A: no its not
User A: i messed evryhthing up...
User B: It's alright baby girl
User A: plz dont b mad at me
User B: We are just human
User B: I'm not mad
User A: i hope not
User B: I'm not
User B: Just alil sad
User A: i am 2...
User B: What u doing
User A: nothin u?
User B: Nothing
User B: Bored
User B: I miss u
User A: i miss u 2!brb
User B: K
User A: back
User A: ??
User A: cooool ignore me then..im gettin off here bye
User B: Hey
User B: Hey
User B: Why u leave
User B: Sorry had to get a shower and bathroom
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: Hey baby
User A: hi
User B: How are u
User A: ok u
User B: I'm ok 2
User B: How I sleep
User B: How u sleep
User A: good..u ignored me yesterday....:(
User B: Sorry
User A: u didnt find som1 else did u
User B: Nope just was sad and walked my dog and are some food
User B: Your the cuties lil girl ever
User A: y didnt u tell me then
User B: I want u still to be my girl
User A: :)
User B: You left before I could
User A: u coulda still said it 4 when i got back
User B: I'm sorry
User A: i forgive u :)
User A: but dont do it again :P
User B: I won't baby
User B: Brb ok
User A: kk
User B: I'm back
User A: kk
User A: sry tht i got mad at u...
User B: It's ok
User A: mom been in a bad mood cus she thinkin bout quittin her job n lookin for 1 somewhere else..n so she been gettin mad at me n it puts me in a bad mood 2 :(
User B: Still
User B: I'm sorry baby
User A: she keeps telllin me if she quits we might have 2 move :'(
User B: Still love u
User A: i still love u 2 babe
User B: Where
User A: idk depends where she applies
User A: it wont b anywhere like cali or nething tho
User B: Maybe ohio:)
User A: tht be sweet!!!:D
User B: So you could end up being closer to me
User A: i hope so
User B: Me too
User A: :)
User A: wht  u doin 2day
User B: Getting parts for my car
User A: ohh is it broke
User B: No just needs some parts driving it now
User A: ohhhhh
User B: Yea
User B: So what u doing today
User A: idk since im not allowed out of thse house X-(
User B: I'm sorry baby
User A: not ur fault babe
User B: I'm sorry tho
User A: its k
User B: Unsure
User B: U sure
User A: ya abe
User A: babe*
User A: ima get off here ill b on later love uuuuuu :-*
User B: I love u to
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: hiiiii :)
User A: I'm out to eat with my dad at Golden Corral
User B: yummmmmm!!gimme some :P
User A: Ok I'm so full
User A: I feel like I should take him out to dinner since I'm bored
User B: haha i love golden corral!mashed taters mmmm
User A: I know right
User B: u get desert?
User A: Yes so full can I text u when Ghe home
User B: kk!
User B: actually i think me n mom goin 2 red lobster in a lil bit n i dont wuna text w her around. r u guna be online later?
User B: if ur not on when i get home ill txt u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: back
User B: finallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
User A: i know took a long time
User A: back and now got mcd's
User B: ohhh wht ya get
User A: number 1
User B: whts tht lol
User A: big mac
User B: ohhh i usually get nuggets
User A: i get numer 1
User B: nuggets r better :P
User A: big mac is
User B: nopeeee nuggetss!:)
User A: big mac
User B: NUGGETSSSSS
User A: BIG MAC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
User B: u dont have good taste in food :P
User A: what ever i eat what i want
User B: hahaha
User B: i had leftover from last nite
User A: ok
User A: was it good
User B: mhmmm :)
User A: i love u
User B: i love u 2 :)<3
User A: i love u more
User B: thts impossible :)
User A: no its no
User A: not
User B: ya huhhhhh
User A: yea
User A: i love my girl
User A: i love my girl
User B: :X
User A: :)
User A: :*:*:*:*:
User B: :-*
User A: hows your food
User B: i ate it already lol
User A: did u love it
User B: mhmmmmmmmm!
User A: i love u
User B: i love u tooooooo babe
User A: i love my bay girl
User B: wht u doin
User A: watch tv
User B: ohhh
User A: what u doing
User B: well i WAS playin candy crush but im outta lives 4 now lol
User A: you crusher
User A: i love my baby
User B: i love u too :)
User A: so
User B: sooooooooooooooooooooooo
User A: soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
User B: u excite 4 work 2morrow lol
User A: not really
User B: lol
User B: ill trade ya :P
User A: ok
User A: wanna trade
User A: i jerk off to your face everyday
User A: i jerk off to your face everyday
User B: u lieeeeeeeeeeeeeee
User A: i dont lie
User A: i love your thinking face
User A: i wish i had new pics of u
User B: sryyy :(
User B: lemme see if i can find nemore on here
User B: h.o
User A: ok
User B: idk if i sent u this 1
User A: no so cute
User B: ty :)
User B: theres 1 from xmas but i dont like it
User A: i love your face
User A: i love it
User B: ty :)
User A: :)
User A: any more i havent seen
User B: have u seen tht 1
User A: no!!!!!!!!!!!
User A: so fucking sexy
User B: hehehe tht made me smile :D
User A: damn baby
User A: i want guys to be jeaulos of me
User B: :)
User A: some booty shorts with your ass checks hanging out
User B: lol :P
User A: i want you to be my lil sexy girl
User A: can i dress u
User A: like i want to but you in some slutty outfits
User A: like i want to but you in some slutty outfits
User B: for jus u or public
User A: both
User A: both
User B: babeeee itll b creep if other guys seee meeeee like tht
User B: brb
User A: ok
User A: damn i want more pics of u
User A: brb
User B: back
User B: sryyy id give u more pics if i had a cam!
User A: im going to buy you one
User B: ok!:) ill hide it from mom
User A: can i mail one to your house
User B: ya right!!!mom gets the mail since she works 2nd shift
User B: hey babe ima get off here
User A: ok baby
User A: i love my baby
User B: i love u 2!ill tty 2nite byee :) :-*
User A: i love you alot more than that baby girl
User A: when can we meet
User B: idk we'll talk bout it 2nite!love u byeee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hey babe we just got home from bowlin n i gotta go 2 bed :(mom bein a biatch
User B: why is she
User B: i been waiting all day
User A: she said cus i got school 2morrow
User A: dont make me feel bad....:(
User B: awww i love u baby
User B: i just want to talk  to my gf
User A: i wuna talk 2 u 2 but theres nothin i can do
User B: i'm sorry
User A: its k i jus dont like when ur sad n make me feel bad :(
User A: u know i would stay up n talk 2 u all nite if i could
User B: me too
User B: i would stay up all night for u
User A: :)
User B: my baby i love you so much
User A: i gotta get off moms yellin..ill tty 2morrow babe goodnite n i love u!!!
User B: have a good night
User B: i love my baby
User B: you will make it up to me i hope
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: my baby
User A: it was a long day
User B: y wht happened
User A: judt a long day
User A: sleepy
User A: tired
User B: ohh :(
User B: take a nap babe
User A: wron out
User A: i just wanna cuddle
User B: i wish :)
User A: i wanna hold u tight
User A: i wanna kiss u
User A: i miss u everyday
User A: i wish i can call u
User A: i wish i can just be with u
User B: u miss u 2 babe  i think bout u at school
User A: i think about u eery second of the day
User B: :D<3
User A: you been a good girl
User A: have you been making mommy happy
User B: im always a good girl :D
User B: hehe
User A: can i see u
User A: i know you have been
User B: i havent asked her if i can do nething this weekend or not she was in a bad mood yesterday
User B: i wuna ask her when she in a good mood
User A: i under stand that
User B: gma comin over later -_-
User A: im sorry
User B: ima make her cook 4 me lol
User A: i wanna take u away
User B: take me away where :D
User A: to u away to my house
User A: i font care
User A: what u say
User A: im want u so badly
User B: i wish u could babe :(
User A: i ant live with this anymire
User A: i need u
User A: so i think when we meet i will just take u home with me
User B: u sure ur dad wont care
User A: he wont care
User B: when would u bring me back
User A: idk
User A: i wouldnt want to
User B: i wouldnt want u 2 either but u would have 2 babe
User A: i know baby
User A: its talk
User B: ohhh lol
User A: and what i wanna do
User A: i love my babygirl
User B: so ur not actually guna take me 2 ur hosue then?im confused lol
User B: i love u 2 :D
User A: if i wanna live with me yes
User B: u know i would babe but i cantttttttttttt
User A: if u want to bad enough u wouldnt care
User B: ..................
User B: im sure mom would love tht lol
User A: she might
User B: wht would i tell her!noway would she let me
User A: idk what to tell her
User A: but i just wanna meet you and i wouldnt want to say goodbye
User B: it wouldnt b goodbye 4ever :)
User A: i know
User A: but it will be hard for me to to go back home
User A: im so alone here
User B: :(
User A: you the only person i talk to besides my dad and the people at work but thats just about work
User B: well at least u have us babe
User A: i know but i would kill just to hear your voice
User B: brb
User A: k
User B: back
User B: thought i hear gma car but wasnt her
User A: ok
User B: whts 4 din din?
User A: idk i dont care
User A: food i guess
User B: whts wrong?
User A: nothing
User A: just wanna hear your voice
User B: mayb i can try 2 call 2morrow
User A: u better
User A: i need to talk to my girl
User B: i said ill tryyyyy
User A: i hate not talking to u
User B: im talkin 2 u now!
User A: you know what i mean
User B: mhmmmmmm
User B: gmas here
User B: blahhh
User A: ok back
User B: huh
User A: she is back
User A: whats for you dinner
User B: idk ima ask her 2 make homemade pizza lol she makes the best
User A: gmas normaly do
User B: she makes homemade bread 2 n she taught me how 2 make it..it soooo gooood
User B: sry im lame lol
User A: your not lame
User B: im talkin bout bakin bread...yes i am lmao
User A: your not lame
User B: oooook
User A: i want u to show me how
User B: really?:D
User A: yes
User B: awww tht made me smile :)
User A: awww
User B: its real easy tho
User B: u jus need flour yeast n salt
User A: awww:)
User A: i love my baby
User B: i love u 2 :-*
User A: my baby
User A: i want you doing tho
User B: huh
User A: what are you doing tho
User B: talkin 2 gma
User B: i think ima get off here cus i feel rude
User A: why u feel rude baby
User B: cus she comes over cus she feels bad tht im here by myself n im on the comp
User A: well i guess go talk to here i will just be here alone :(
User A: but i understand tho
User A: i love you have fun making pizza:)
User B: :(
User B: ill bbl i love u!
User A: i hope you will
User A: :*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
User B: Baby
User A: hi :)
User B: How's my lil girl
User A: im good u
User B: I'm ok
User A: wht ya eat
User B: Chicken nuggets
User A: from mcdonalds?
User B: No from my freezer
User A: ohhhh i was bout to laugh at ya cus u got those instead of ur big max :D;)
User B: You remembered
User A: remembered wht lol
User B: I took a nap and almost burnt them
User B: U remembered that I like Big Macs
User A: haha yaaa
User A: brb
User B: Ok
User B: Where u going
User A: back
User A: made brownies :)
User B: That quick
User A: i put em in the oven 30 min ago
User A: and they needed taken out
User B: Thats awesome
User A: yaaaaaa
User A: wht u doin
User B: About to shower wanna see me nude
User A: ok :)
User A: not workin
User B: Did u get it
User A: ya :D:)
User B: What u think
User A: i likeeeee ;)
User B: Do u want me
User A: yaaa thatd b cool :)
User B: Just cool??
User A: u kno how bad babe!
User B: I know I got to mess with u tho
User A: mhmmmmm lol
User B: I wanna see u
User B: I'm so buyin you a cam
User A: hehe kk :D
User B: I wanna see u when I can't u know
User A: ya :) youll get 2 see me everyday then n u guna get sick of me lol
User B: No !!!!! I won't
User B: I jerk off to your face everyday
User B: I want u to be my girl
User A: youll get sick of me if u see me everydayyyyy
User B: I want u to be  mine forever
User A: awwww :-*
User B: No I won't
User A: i love you :)
User B: I love u more
User A: ur so good 2 me
User B: Your good to me
User A: cus i love u :)
User B: I know it's early In are relationship but I want u to by lil wife
User A: id like tht someday :)
User B: Me too
User B: I wanna lick every inch of u
User A: ;)
User B: Have u rub your clit and finger
User B: Did u do it for 30 mins
User A: dont b mad at me..i didnt do it last nite
User B: It's ok I'm not mad I just want u too :)
User A: i knoooo i jus wasnt in the mood when i went 2 bed tho
User B: It's ok baby hopefully my pic will make u in the mood
User A: brb
User B: Ok
User A: kk
User B: U back
User A: ya these brownies r gooood
User B: Are they
User A: mhmmmm!
User A: now dog is cryin cus he wants 2 go outside -_- he can hold it a lil longer lol
User B: Yes I can baby
User A: huh
User B: I wanna make a Sunday out for you
User A: wht?
User B: I wanna but you
User A: u wuna but me?ur confusin me
User B: In ice cream and chocolate syrup and whip cream
User A: ohhhh :)haha id get sticky :P
User B: Very
User B: :)
User A: babe i gotta get off here or gma will tell mom i stayed up til she got home...-_-
User B: Ok baby
User B: I love u baby girl
User A: ill tty 2morrow..i love u babe gnite!
User B: Goodnight baby girl
User B: Sweet dreams
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Baby
User B: hiiiii
User A: hows my baby
User B: im good :) u?
User A: i'm good just my back hurts besides that im good
User B: its still hurtin?:(
User A: but my back always hurts so its just something i deal with
User B: y it always hurt
User A: just does
User A: i work to hard
User A: when i stop moving after work it stiffins up
User B: thts not good:(
User A: its ok
User A: i love my girl
User B: i love u 2!
User A: my baby girls
User A: i want to hold
User A: u
User A: i
User A: missed
User A: u
User A: today
User B: i
User B: missed
User B: u
User B: 2
User B: :-*
User A: x
User A: o
User A: x
User A: o
User A: xo
User B: :P
User A: my baby
User A: *hugs*
User B: :)
User A: what u doing
User B: playin candy crush lmao
User A: how could i guess
User B: :P
User A: i wanna play with you
User A: have u rube your clit last night:)
User B: yaaaa i did lol
User A: did u rube your clit too
User B: yessss
User A: did u do it for 30 mins
User B: u repeated urself lol
User B: close to 30
User A: did u feel your pussy get wetter did you get all tiggely
User B: yes n yes
User B: i started gettin..idk kinda shakey?lol
User A: thats normal
User A: did your legs get shakey
User B: i never heard of tht
User B: ya!
User A: when your legs got shakey did you feel really good
User B: ya!:D
User B: it felt diff
User A: did it get really wet in your pussy almost like you where peeing and did your nipples get all hard
User B: ya n idk i wasnt payin attention 2 my nipples 2 much lol
User A: ok i think you had your firrst cum:)
User A: im proud of you
User B: thanks i guess :D :P
User A: i wanted you to know how it feels
User A: thats what sex feels like
User B: pretty sure i know now lmao it felt good :)
User B: really!?:O
User A: really
User A: did u feel relaxed afterwards
User B: ya i was like real calm
User A: good baby
User A: i wish i could see you
User B: i wish so toooo
User A: so what u doing besides play a game
User B: talkin 2 u n listenin 2 pandora
User A: what u listen to
User B: w/e sounds good lol right now luke bryan
User A: thats whats up
User B: yaaaaa
User A: i love my baby
User B: i love u 2 :-*
User A: im glad you cummed last night
User B: y lol
User A: so when i fuck you.  you know what it feels like
User B: ohhh :P
User B: r u nervous
User A: no y
User B: i am :(
User B: im not scared tho
User A: why u nervous
User B: cus i never did it before
User A: i know
User A: but why u nervous
User B: i jus told u y?
User A: i know but is that all
User A: becaues you never did it
User B: y else would i be
User A: well you felt how good it feels right
User A: dont you want to feel even better with my cock in u
User B: ya!im jus scared bout how bad it guna hurt
User A: its not going to hurt you
User A: it might feel all werid but it wouldnt hurt
User A: your lossen up your pussy for me so it wont hurt
User A: thats why i told you how to finger yourself
User B: i knowwww
User A: so....dont worry you will be good at it and want more
User B: i believe u babe :)
User A: you know i wouldnt hurt you
User B: i know babe :D
User B: wht u doin
User A: talking to you and watching tv
User B: wht u watchin
User B: ima get off here ill b back on later
User A: that american pickers show
User A: why
User B: cus u barely talkin n i need 2 do hw
User B: love u byeeeee
User A: im talking
User A: now you make me feel bad
User B: i can tell ur distracted
User B: its k babe i need 2 do hw
User A: ok baby you better be baack on later
User A: or call me
User B: i will
User A: u better
User B: love u byeeeeeeee
User A: i love u more
User B: :)
User A: why dont you stay
User A: how was  school baby
User B: i need 2 do hw!
User B: good
User A: anything good happened today
User B: no lol
User B: bye babe
User A: ok talk to you soon baby girl
User A: call me :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiiii
User B: baby
User B: what u doing
User B: how was homework
User A: nothinnn u?
User A: blahhh lol
User B: atill watch tv
User B: i took a nap
User A: how was it :)
User B: it is ok
User B: just bored
User A: booo
User B: i know rifht
User B: im waiting on dinner to be done
User A: wht ya makin?
User B: i dont know my dads gf is making it
User B: i took a nap i know it should be done
User A: i can call real quick if u want :X
User A: it cant b long tho
User B: ok that would be awesome :)
User A: it cant b long i dont want mom gettin fishy in case she looks at my min
User B: ok
User A: whts ur number again
User B: 513-568-8859
User A: kk h.o
User B: ok'
User B: your so cutw
User B: i love your voice
User B: brb
User A: kk :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u takin 4everrrrrrrrrrrr
User A: :(
User B: sorry im back
User A: finalllllyyyyy lol
User B: my dad was talking for ever
User B: im sorry baby girl
User A: its k
User A: wht u eat
User B: chicken with gravey and mashed poatatos and cheese brokliey
User A: tht sounds amazinggggg
User B: it was
User B: really goood
User A: im jelous lol
User B: why
User A: cus ur din sounds amazing lol
User B: it was good what u have
User A: i was guna make pork chops but i got 2 lazy lol so i jus marinated em 4 2morrow...so 2nite i boiled hot dogs lol
User B: booo
User A: i knooooo
User B: just hotdogs
User A: yep :(
User A: n i only had 1 bun so the other was jus cut up :(
User B: im sorry
User A: not ur fault lol
User B: yes it is
User A: no its not!!
User B: yes
User A: oh hush!
User B: if u say so hush
User B: ......................................................
User A: :P
User B: :*
User A: :-*
User A: i missed u
User B: xoxo
User B: i missed u more
User A: :)<3
User B: i heart u
User A: i heart u 2
User B: i want my baby
User A: i want u 2 babeee
User B: i want u more
User A: no wayyy :)
User B: yes
User B: way
User A: noooo
User B: yes
User A: no
User B: yes
User B: i love my bay
User B: baby
User A: i love u 2 :D
User B: u more
User B: what u doing
User A: talkin 2 u n pettin rags
User B: u can pet me
User B: :)
User A: haha :P
User B: hehehe'
User A: silly boyyy
User B: silly girl
User B: so...
User B: talk baby
User B: i love your voice tonight
User B: i missed it
User B: sometimes just 5 mins helps
User A: i liked urs 2 :D
User A: i could actually hear u this time
User B: u chouldn't last time ??
User A: i could but it was a liil muffled
User B: sorry  baby was it cleaer today
User A: ya :)
User B: good
User B: what u doing
User B: talk to me
User A: watchin vids on youtube now lol
User A: ht u doin
User B: im bored
User A: y ur talkin 2 me lol
User B: im talking to u
User B: just idk what to say
User B: talk about anything plz
User A: hahaha idk!?
User A: i only got half a day of school 2morrow :)
User B: why
User B: is that
User A: conferences
User B: thats awesome
User A: ya n no school friday :D
User B: sweet
User A: yaaaaaa
User B: yayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
User B: im going to take a shower
User B: btb
User B: brb
User A: kk!
User B: hoping in now
User B: so brb
User A: kk
User B: Back
User A: welcome back babe :)
User A: tht was a long shower!
User B: Made my back feel better tho
User B: It's all loose and not it pain
User B: So I like to use all the hot water
User A: thts good!
User A: ya i always use all the hot water 2 lol
User B: It is atleast I think so
User B: I know I do :)
User B: I love how u remember the lil things
User A: :P
User B: sorry my baby
User B: i was getting dressed
User A: its k!
User B: so whats your doing
User A: on youtube..im lame lol
User B: your not lame
User B: i love you
User A: i love you too babe :)
User B: love u more
User B: my baby girl
User A: :-*
User B: well baby im going to bed i love you so much
User A: kk babe i love u 2!
User B: so goodnight im sleepy:(
User B: i'm sorry
User A: its k babe!
User B: u sure
User A: ya babe i dont want u 2 be tired
User B: ii love u so much
User A: i love u 2 babe
User B: well goodnight baby girl
User A: nite babe :-*
User A: love u
User B: love u more:*
User B: sweetdreams
User B: finger thinking of me:)
User B: :*
User B: tty really soon
User B: and see you even sooner
User A: :):D
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiiiii
User B: Hey baby
User B: where u been
User A: gma picked me up from school n we went n got lunch n then 2 the mall n some other stuff
User B: what u do at the mall
User A: she bought me a hoodie from amerian eagle n we jus walked around :P
User B: thats awesome
User A: i guessss lol
User A: how was worky?
User B: it was long
User B: everyone was bitching
User A: tht sux :( about wht?
User B: at work about there raises
User A: ohhhhh
User A: did u guys get screwed over or somethin
User B: no just the older people are just bitching
User A: babe ima get off here cus gma still here n i feel rude...shes leavin in like less then an hr tho so ill b on as soon as she leaves
User A: love youuuu :-*
User B: i love you to
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: backkkkk
User B: sorry was eating dinner
User B: brb cleaning up righ tnow
User A: kk
User B: sorry baby
User A: its k babe
User B: im back
User B: sorry baby
User B: i love u lots
User B: u been a good girl
User A: i love u lots 2 :)
User B: im i going to see u this weekend??
User A: ur guna hate me
User B: y
User A: mom told me today tht me her and her bf r goin 2 grizzly jacks 2morrow 4 the weekend...
User A: plz don b mad
User B: damn baby'
User A: plz dont b mad at me plz :'(
User B: i dont hate you
User B: im not mad just really want to see you
User A: babe i really wuna see u 2 trust me
User A: i hate letting u down....:(
User B: damn tho
User B: i was looking forward to this
User A: i was 2...
User A: im sry babe :(
User A: plz dont b mad at me
User B: im not mad just dissapointed
User A: :(....its not my fault........
User B: i know
User B: :(
User B: i just wanted to see u
User A: i wanted 2 see u 2
User A: thts y i didnt wuna tell u...u make me feel bad
User B: dont feel bad
User B: plz dont
User B: i know its not your fault
User B: i just got things planed for us
User A: u said ur dissapointed
User B: yes alil wouldn't  u be too
User A: ya
User A: but i dont want u 2 b dissapointed at me
User B: its ok i know you wanted too
User B: really badly
User A: i did!
User B: i know i wanted todo are weekend'
User A: me 2 :'(
User B: i had everything planed
User A: :(
User A: wht u have planned
User B: hotle seening the bean navy peir seen the lake pizza
User A: im sry :(
User B: its ok
User B: i guess my plans will just have to wait
User A: ugh
User B: i know baby
User A: wht u doin now
User B: watching tv
User B: just bored
User A: ohhh
User B: what u doing baby girl
User A: talkin 2 u n on fb
User B: i hope i get to see you next weekend
User A: i hope so 2 im goin crazy :(
User B: me too
User B: your not the only on
User B: one
User A: ughhhh!
User B: so what you doing on facebook
User A: i aint on no more its boring lol
User A: brb i made bread n it done :)
User B: ok baby
User A: back
User A: u ever have fresh warm bread right outta the oven?
User B: yes onve
User B: once
User A: its soooooo goood i love makin it
User B: you wiould be a perfect girl
User B: i will work i come home to make me some food
User A: :) i love cookin
User B: i would love for you to cook for me
User A: :D
User B: i love you
User B: i cant stay mad at you ever
User A: i love u 2
User A: :)
User B: so......................
User A: sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
User B: whats my baby doing
User A: talkn 2 u n on youtube like always lol
User B: like always
User B: but i will love so much
User A: :D
User B: my baby
User B: im going to shower in a few mins
User B: going to smoke a cig then shower ok ??
User A: kk
User B: will you be able talk to me in a few
User A: ya :)
User A: u mean on here right
User B: give me like 30 mins ok
User B: yes
User A: kk
User B: or call:)
User A: we cant babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User A: U there
User B: ya sry
User A: Its ok baby
User A: What u doing
User B: i was playn w my dog :)
User A: That's awesome
User B: yaaaaaaa
User A: I was talking to my dad he caught me before my shower
User B: caught u wht?
User B: ?
User B: helloooooo
User A: Hey sorry
User B: ???
User A: He caught me up before my shower
User B: caught u wht?
User A: He got me in a conversation about my roku box
User B: ohhh
User A: So I'm so sorry
User B: its k babe
User A: What u doig
User B: gettin ready 2 watch a movie
User A: What movie
User B: baggage claim
User A: Never seen it
User B: me either :P
User A: I want u so badly
User B: i want u 2 babe
User A: i want you more
User B: :D:\">
User A: i just really want you
User A: i wanna make you my girl for real
User A: isour mom still moveing
User A: i found places in yur town for rent
User B: she been applyin to plaes
User B: really?:)
User A: yes
User A: but what state she thinking about
User B: i have no idea..i think still illinois
User A: ok
User B: how would u work if u lived here
User A: i would get a new job
User A: just for you
User A: skf illions
User B: ur jus sayin tht!
User A: no im not
User B: :)
User A: where is Schaumburg
User A: to u
User A: like how far away
User B: like 30 min
User B: y?
User A: job has a warehouse in tha town
User B: :O:)
User B: thtd b sweet!
User A: i know
User B: i dont think u actually move here tho lol
User A: why
User B: i jus dont think u would
User A: y
User A: i want to
User A: i just git ask if i can
User A: dont doubt me
User B: u jut git ask if u can?huh?
User A: i got to ask my job if i can move to that warehouse
User B: ohhhh u mean there an amazon in schaumburg too?
User A: yes
User B: oh cool!i didnt even kno tht lol
User A: well i just looked it up
User A: so i can ask my boss
User B: :):):)
User A: so
User A: i can try ok baby
User B: kk!:D:Dwhen r u guna ask him
User A: tomorrow
User B: kk :)
User A: does that make u happy
User B: ya it does!brb babe
User A: ok
User B: kk
User A: u back
User B: yep!
User A: sweet
User A: :)
User B: mhmmmm ;)
User A: my baby
User B: :D
User B: :-*
User A: i hope to see new pics of u :*
User B: wht ya mean
User A: this weekend can u take pics for me
User A: of u
User A: so i can see
User B: ill try!
User A: that will make me feel better
User B: ill try babe
User B: we not guna b able 2 talk all weekend :'(
User A: i know it will suck
User A: but you got my number u can try to call
User B: r u crazy lol
User A: alil
User A: :)
User B: haha
User B: if mom seen me on the phone shed start playin 20 questions...i dont wuna risk tht
User A: ok baby
User B: im not tryin 2 b mean
User A: i know baby
User B: k good!:)
User B: im tired :(
User A: ok baby i hope i get to talk to you before u go on this trip do u think that u can call me before u go
User B: babe i cant b callin u..i told u mom looks at my mins sometimes n if she sees ur number keep poppin up or if tht we talk long she guna ask me questions
User B: n then ill have no phone..no comp..n no u
User A: ok baby
User A: i understand
User B: not tryin 2 be mean
User B: i jus dont wuna get in trouble or ruin nething
User A: i know
User B: kk
User A: well i love u
User B: i love u 2 babe
User B: wht time u take ur break at work?
User A: 9:15 10:30 !:45
User B: huh
User A: thats all my  breaks]
User B: !:45?
User A: 9:15 am 10:30 am 1:45 pm
User B: ohhh ok
User B: how long r they
User A: my time
User B: if i msg u will u get my msgs on ur phone
User A: ther not long 9:15- 9:30 11:30-12:15 1:45-2:00
User B: ohhh ok
User B: will u get my msgs
User A: yes
User A: i get them on my phone
User B: kk well ima sleep in since i dont have school but ill try n msg u at 11:30!
User A: ok
User A: remeber im  a hour ahead of u
User B: kk!ill get on around 10:30 my time then
User B: love u babe gniteeee
User A: good night baby
User A: sweet dreams
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User B: hiii
User A: How's my baby
User B: good :) hows worky
User A: I wanna go home it's been a day
User A: Shit all fucked today
User B: awww :(
User A: I been having trouble with people not putting shit in the right spot
User B: r they new
User A: No just fucking stupid
User B: ohhhh
User A: Yea so stupid
User B: well u only got like 3 more hrs right
User A: I know
User A: I can't wait to get out of here
User B: almost done!
User A: I know baby
User A: We'll going back in to fix my mistake
User B: ok :( well i love u n ill talk to u sunday evening!i love u so muchhh!:-*
User A: I love a lot more
User A: Talk to u on Sunday have a good weekend baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hpw my baby
User B: hiiii! :D
User B: wht u doin
User A: nothing what u doing
User A: how was school
User B: its was ok i guess lol
User B: i cant b on here long i have 2 study more
User A: aww:(
User A: my baby just cant see me
User A: i love my baby
User B: i love u 2 :) how was worky
User A: it was ok it was long
User B: tht sucks :(
User A: it ok
User A: i rather suck on you:)
User B: haha oh yaaaa?:P
User A: Yea :)
User A: I love my baby
User B: i love u toooooooo
User A: I love u more
User B: :)
User B: babe i gotta get off
User B: gotta study
User A: Ok baby I hope to see u on later
User B: ill try
User B: love u byeeee :)
User A: bye baby
User A: I love you more
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babeeeee!!!:D:D:D
User B: baby
User B: :):):):):):):):)
User A: i missed uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
User B: I MISSED YOU MORE
User A: :)
User A: im sry i couldnt talk last nite :(
User B: its ok baby ddid u do good on your history test
User A: didnt take it yet
User B: ohhhh
User A: yaaaaaaa
User A: 2morrow :(
User B: ok :)
User B: i love you lots baby
User A: i love u lots 2!
User B: can we finally meet this weekend
User A: i hope babe
User B: have u still been fingering your pussy for me
User A: actually crap...spring break starts next monday and moms makin me go 2 my gma and gpas all spring break :'(they live in indiana n i think im goin on saturday
User A: i did last nite
User B: what part of indiana
User A: uhhhhh i have no idea lol i dont see em a lot..y?
User B: maybe you can sneek out just to see me
User B: or say you going to play outside for awhile
User B: something
User A: i probly could :)there old n go 2 bed early haha
User B: i'm happy you still finger babygirl you like the feeling of cumming
User A: yaaa:\">
User B: how long u do it last night for
User A: like 20 min
User B: did u cum
User A: yaaa :D
User B: does your leg still shake:)
User A: ya lol not as bad as the 1st time tho
User B: :)
User B: find out where in indiana your going for me
User A: ill ask mom either 2nite when she gets home or 2morrow
User B: ok that would be good
User B: then i will still see u
User A: :):)
User B: is it bad that i want to strip you naked and lick your body when i see u
User A: brb
User B: ok
User A: kk back
User B: where u og
User B: go
User A: take dog out
User B: thats goof
User B: good
User B: i had a naughty dream about u
User A: bout wht
User B: just you in a mini skirt saying fuck me plz and you dancing around show me your pussy
User A: haha really:P
User B: yes
User B: you where begging me for it
User B: saying baby plz fuck me
User B: you bent over and pulled up your skirt and everything
User A: haha awwww u dream about me :)
User B: ever night
User B: every night baby
User A: :D
User B: so what u doing
User A: hw :(
User B: what kind
User A: studyin 4 my test 2morrow
User A: i think ima have 2 get off here i keep gettin distracted :(
User B: :(
User B: i want to talk to u more
User B: but if you got too
User B: i will just jerk off to your pic
User A: :)
User A: ill try 2 get on later
User B: plz do baby
User B: i love you sooooooo much
User A: love u 2!
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babeeee :)
User B: Hey baby
User A: hi :)
User B: Where where u yesterday
User A: i went 2 caras after school n was over there like all day
User B: How's my baby
User A: i got on at nite n u werent here :'(
User B: I'm sorry
User A: its okkkk i guessss ;):P
User B: I was in the shower
User A: i waited for like 30-45 min!
User B: I took a long one
User A: ohhhhh
User B: I'm sorry
User A: its k babe
User B: I love u
User A: i love u 2 :)
User B: Where in Indiana are u going for spring break
User A: crap lol...i 4get wht mom said..ill ask her again if i see her 2nite or 2morrow
User A: dont b mad :(
User B: In not mad I just want to see u
User A: i wuna see u 2 babe!!!!
User B: I wanna fuck u so badly
User A: :)
User A: how bad on a scale 1-10 :P
User B: 100++++xoxoxox
User A: hehehe :D :)
User A: do u like bball?
User B: Not really u ??
User A: yaaaaa
User B: Do u wanna get nude for bball players
User A: huhhhhhh?lol
User B: Do u wanna get nude for people
User A: no lol y would i wuna get naked 4 random ppl
User B: Just making sure u just want me
User A: :)
User A: tricky tricky!;)
User B: I know
User A: wht u doin
User B: Nothing u
User A: jus talkin 2 u n watchin tv
User B: Me too
User B: What u watching
User A: bball march madness
User B: That's cool I'm watching the history channel
User A: boooo history!hahaha
User B: I like it
User B: I can't wait to make u mine
User A: :D
User B: How was school lol one
User B: Lil one
User A: stupid lol
User B: Why
User A: idk its boring
User B: You doing good in school and being a good girl
User A: im tryinnnn
User B: I hope so
User B: You been dressing sexy
User A: i jus been dressin like i always do lol
User B: Just making sure your still my girl.  And not cheating on me. I had a weird dream last night
User A: wht was it?n y would i cheat!?
User B: I had a dream that you left me and told me to fuck myself
User A: :(
User A: y would u dream tht :(
User B: I didn't plan on it just happens
User A: i knoooo but stilllll
User B: I
User B: Love u
User A: love u 2!
User B: My baby
User A: :)
User A: im hungryyyyyyy
User A: u there?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: y do u hate her lol
User B: She is a cunt
User A: y u say tht?
User B: I just don't like her
User A: ohhhh
User B: She cut off the internet from me
User A: :O how?
User B: I don't know but I have to use data
User A: wht u mean
User B: I just wanna gut punch her
User B: She is doing this because she doesn't like me but she don't work
User A: y dont she like u!?
User B: She doesn't idk why
User A: :(
User A: im sry babe
User B: Idk she is a bitch
User B: I just wanna move soon
User B: I wanna see u
User A: i wuna see u 2 babe
User B: Can I see u soon
User A: i hope so!:D
User B: I'm tired of being alone
User A: im sry babe......
User B: Not your fault
User A: i kno but i dont like when ur upset
User B: I been upset all day
User A: y :(
User B: Just been depressed
User A: ur makin me sad
User B: I don't mean too
User B: I just wanna be with u so badly
User B: My baby
User A: i wuna b w u 2 babe
User B: I wanna kidnap you
User A: haha ur silly :)
User B: I'm kinda serious
User A: how would u do tht lol
User B: I'm just tired of being alone and my gf being so far away
User A: im sry babe :'(
User B: I just love u so much I would just steal u and u can live with me
User A: i wish it was tht easy babe
User B: It kinda is
User A: how?
User A: ???
User B: Just we meet when I get my own apt you take your computer cell phone leave a r
User B: Real quick
User B: Sorry had to bitch her out more
User A: wht she do?
User B: Piss me off
User B: Being a bitch so I told her to get off her fat ass a nd get a job
User A: :(
User B: I know
User A: ima get off here babe
User B: Ok babb
User B: Baby
User B: I love u
User A: i love u 2 babe ill tty 2morrow
User B: Ok baby
User B: I hope to see u soon
User B: Sorry I been sad all day
User B: And lonely like
User B: I just want my girl to be here too
User A: i hope u feel better babe
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u told me 2 get on this morning n u aint even onnn!
User B: Sorry just woke p
User A: sleepy head!:P
User B: Sure I'm was catching up
User A: lol well u did a good job!
User B: I know right
User A: whts wrong?ur actin diff..?
User B: No just got our the shower
User A: u sure nothins wrong?r u mad at me bout somethin...?
User B: No everything is great :)
User B: I'm not mad just was tired this morning and got a shower
User A: ooook!:)
User B: I got a long drive Tommorow morning u know try to get some rest for it
User A: u feel better now?
User A: :D:)
User B: I do feel better now
User B: I love u baby girl
User A: love u 2 :)
User A: wht u doin
User B: gettingy car ready
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: babeeeeee
User A: babeeee
User B: Yes baby girl
User A: wht u doin?i feel like I barely talked 2 u 2dayyy :(
User B: I'm sorry :(
User A: wht u been doin?i still feel like ur mad at me bout somethin
User B: I went to the mall and I gt new shoes
User B: I'm not mad about anything can't wait to see u
User A: kk good :) wht kind u get?n i cant wait 2 see u either!:D :)
User B: I got a new Pair of vans like I always get
User A: oh cool!wht u buy me?;) jk hehe
User B: What ever u want
User A: well ty babe but like i said b4 i dont want u 2 spend all ur money on me!
User B: I will tho
User A: ur cute :)
User B: Thanks baby
User A: when u guna b on the comp?
User B: In a few
User A: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User B: hi
User A: How's my baby
User B: bored..u?i thought u were gettin on the comp
User A: I'm sorry baby I went to sleep
User B: u slept past noon 2day!how u so tired lol
User A: Been catch up on sleep baby
User B: ooook!r u gettin on 2nite
User A: hey
User A: im here
User B: about time :O
User B: i been bored all day
User A: im sorry baby
User A: i love u baby girl
User A: why u been bored
User B: i love u 2
User A: u been in that lil town all day
User B: cus im here w my gparents w nothin 2 do
User B: ya petersburg is real small n nothin 2 do
User A: there is internet tho
User B: ya but it gets boring
User A: did u watch videos all day
User A: i know it does
User A: im sorry
User A: but tommorow u will see me
User B: :D
User B: im excited:D:D:D
User B: ima give u a real big hug when i see u :)
User A: i will  kiss your hole body
User B: :)
User B: did u find out wht were doin 2morrow
User A: there is nothing to do in this town
User B: i told u lol wht we guna do?go somewhere else?
User A: i dont know
User A: we can go fuck at your grandparents house
User B: i think we should go somewhere else 2 do tht babe..i dont want there neighbors gettin suspicious
User A: ok wanna go to a hotel
User B: ya tht would b safer!
User A: ok baby
User B: r u nervous like me lol
User A: a lil
User A: but i wanna do it
User B: me 2 :)i cant believe were actually meeting :D
User A: ikr
User A: i cant wait
User A: i cant wait
User B: is it supposed 2 be cold 2morrow
User A: is it how cold
User B: huh
User B: im askin u lol
User A: i was asking u
User B: i jus checked n middle 40s..so ima wear my leggings n long sweat shirt
User B: or should i wear jeans n a hoodie
User A: mmm
User A: u pick baby
User B: idkkkk lol
User B: wht u doin
User A: laying in bed thinking about what im going to do to u
User B: :)
User A: so where u wanna meet at
User B: ill probly hide my bike in the woods n then ill see where u r
User B: theres a lil cabin thing at the park n u can pick me up by there
User A: ok
User A: i saw the cabin on the internet with a lake
User A: down the street on pike street from the McD's
User B: idk the road names lol
User B: wht r u drivin so i dont walk 2 some random car haha
User A: i drive a white toyota camry
User B: thts a car right
User A: just text me and u will know its me
User A: 4 door white car its load
User A: no muffler
User A: loud
User B: kk!
User B: i got butterflies :)
User A: do u :)
User B: i probly look dumb im sittin here smilin at the comp haha
User A: Your not dumb
User B: :P
User A: :)
User A: What u doing
User B: talkin 2 u
User A: Anything u wanna talk about
User B: idkkk..im jus happy i get 2 finally see u :D
User A: I know I can't wait
User A: Few more hours
User B: :):):):):)
User B: 10:30 still?
User A: Yea maybe 11 at the latest
User B: ur guna make me freeze in the cold?:(
User A: No I will text u when I'm leaving
User B: kk!
User A: So what will u be wearing
User B: u tell me babe
User A: U tell me if I had it my way it would be a tube top and a mini skirt
User B: its jus so coldddd!i can wear a tube top under my sweatshirt n take my sweatshirt off when i get in ur car
User A: Ok :)
User A: Got one with u
User B: ya but i didnt bring a skirt
User A: It's ok you can wear jeans or yoga pants
User B: i got leggings which r pretty much yoga pants
User A: Same thing
User B: yaaa
User A: Did u bring a tube too because  me
User B: yaaa i remembered u said u liked em :)
User A: What color sweat shirt
User B: its pink
User A: Ok :)
User B: im gettin sleepy babe
User A: Ingot to ask is this a trap or are u working for the police
User B: wht?y u ask tht?
User A: Just wanna make sure m
User B: babe no y would i be?
User B: y would i wuna get u in trouble when i would get in trouble 2?
User A: Just watch some tv show about older guys getting in trike m
User A: I'm tired too
User B: huh?
User B: i promise im not..i dont wuna get in trouble either babe thts y im bein careful w everything
User A: I was watching to pro
User B: idk wht tht is
User A: It a show where old guys meet young girls an the biker gets in a lot of trough
User A: Trouble
User B: ohhh
User A: I'm sleepy
User B: me 2 n u been sleepin all day :P
User A: So I been catching up
User B: mhmmmm :P
User B: ima go 2 bed
User A: I'm going too
User A: Night baby
User B: kk...ill see u 2morrow babe i cant wait :D:-*
User A: I can't wait either
User A: Call me in the morning
User B: like wht time
User B: i only wuna call u once because of wht i told u bout my mom in case she checks my mins
User A: Call me before I lee like 7
User A: So I can get up and get ready
User B: thts so earlyyyyyy lol
User A: Well I got to get ready for u
User B: kk ill call u at 7 thennnn
User B: ill have 2 be quiet tho
User A: Ok baby
User A: I love u an good night
User B: i love u 2 babe nite!
User A: Night baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: .....
User B: I love u Cait
User A: ur probly lyin again
User B: I'm not lying to u I never have it ever will
User A: k
User B: I love u
User B: I'm sorry babygirl your my gf I never wanted to let u down and I did
User A: yep
User B: U ok baby girl
User A: wht do u think...?
User B: Baby???
User B: Im sorry how can I make it up baby
User A: idk
User B: I will come see you Tommorow how about that??
User A: how do i kno ur not lyin n i thought u work
User B: I would call off for u
User A: yeah right
User B: I will
User A: i dont think u understand tht u really hurt my feelings..i waited 4 around an hr excited 2 finally see u n u never came
User B: I'm sorry baby I can't help I went to jail for some dumb shit and had to sit and pay money to get out.
User B: So plz let me meet u and make it up
User A: even if i wanted to 2morrow i cant..n if thts true y didnt u text me after u got out?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: can i ask u a ?
User B: I'm so sorry baby I feel bad so bad
User B: I was sitting at the police station wanting to die because I mad u sad
User A: can i ask u a ?..n be honest bout it
User B: Ask me anything
User A: r u cheatin on me :( u been actin diff lately..it seemed like u didnt wuna talk the day b4 we were supposed 2 meet n then u didnt come :(
User B: No I'm not cheating on u I don't cheat I just been under a lot of stress at home with my dads gf I been waiting to move out its hard for me to love here anymore
User B: Live *
User B: I'm very sorry If I been different towards u
User B: I love u
User B: U keep me going u know
User A: kk...i really hope ur not :(
User B: I'm not baby
User B: Your the sexiest lil girl ever
User B: I want u more than anythingn
User B: If I saw u I would most likely tool u home with me
User A: :) i hope u mean tht!
User B: I do
User A: lol i wish it was tht easy
User B: Cait your the only girl I want and will ever want
User B: It is that easy
User A: :)
User B: :*
User B: I love u Cait
User A: i love u 2!:-* when can u make it up 2 me :D
User B: When can I
User A: idk i have 2 find out wht my gparents r doin the next few days..r u really guna call off work jus 2 see me?dont lieee n get my hopes up!
User B: I will call off work to see u baby girl
User A: :) kk well ill see wht my gparents r doin this week
User B: Ok baby
User B: I love u
User A: i love u 2
User A: ima go 2 bed im real tired :(
User B: Ok baby I love u
User B: And sweet dreams
User A: i hope u mean tht babe..i love u 2 gnite
User B: Night baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Just woken up from my nap
User B: ohhh how was it?:) brb ima shower
User A: It was good in about to eat
User B: wht u eat?
User A: Coneys and 3 ways
User B: yummm
User B: ur actin different again...
User A: I'm eating
User B: oooook...y aint u ever online now
User A: Your texting me now
User A: I'm done eating
User B: was it good?:)
User A: Yes it was
User B: u still havent asked me bout my good news :(
User A: What's your god news baby girl
User A: Good *
User B: my gparents r goin 2 the casino 2morrowwww :)
User A: Are they:)
User A: What casino
User B: idk its called tropican or tropicana..they want me 2 go n said they wont gamble the whole time but i said i wuna stay here....
User A: That's awesome
User B: ......
User A: So are u asking me to come over
User A: ???
User B: u said u would call off 4 me
User A: I will but u still haven't ask me :)
User B: do i have 2!?u kno i wuna see u!!!
User A: Yes u got to ask:) I wanna see u too
User A: What time they leaving
User B: will u come see me!?:Dthere haha n h.o lemme see
User A: Yes I will come and see u
User B: there leavin around 12:30
User B: u will?!:D
User A: How long will they be gone ?
User A: Yes I will
User B: they said theyll b back late or thursday morning
User A: So u want me to stay with u all day
User B: ya if u want 2 :)
User A: Yes I do
User A: I wann lick u from head to toe
User B: :D :)
User A: What u wanna do with me :)
User B: i guess youll have 2 find out :P hahaha
User A: I want know
User B: :P babe r u really guna call off n come?i dont wuna get my hopes up again...
User A: I'm coming and will call off work. Will u dress up for me
User B: i hope ur not lyin..wht u want me 2 wear?:)
User A: Something sexy :)
User A: Im not lyin I should have better luck this time
User B: lol well ill try 2 wear something sexy!:) wht time u wuna meet?like 1?
User A: Yea 1 sounds good
User A: Where u wanna meet at
User A: I can't wait to lick u
User B: same place probly be best!yay im excited :D :D :D
User A: Im excited too can we go back to there house
User B: idk..i dont think we should risk it
User A: Why not
User B: wht if there neighbors seen
User A: Well where did u wanna go
User B: wherever u wuna go!u can jus drive us n see where tht takes us :)
User A: It would take us to a hotel
User B: theres a motel here..we could go there :)
User A: Do u wanna go there
User A: :)
User B: ya if u do babe
User A: Well what do u think I wanna do ??
User B: i think u do :D hehe
User B: wht u guna tell ur work?tht ur sick?
User A: I do :)
User A: Yea I will tell them I'm sick
User A: Have u been fingering still
User B: not every night but ya i have
User A: Did u wanna fuck ?
User B: if u still want 2 then yaaa n if u dont make fun of me if im bad
User A: I will teach u
User B: :)
User A: Still wanna learn
User B: ya!
User A: Good :)
User A: What u going I wear
User A: To
User B: ill make it a surprise :)
User A: I just wanna make sure it's u when I pick u up
User B: ill wear my blue american eagle hoodie n black northface jacket ill put my hood part up if u want so u kno its me
User A: Ok baby :)
User B: i dont think we should talk on the phone 2morrow tho..jus text..i called u a lot tht 1 day and i dont want mom askin me who im talkin 2
User A: Ok u wan me to text u when I'm close
User B: text me when u leave n text me when ur close!should i be there b4 u get there or wait til u get there
User A: U should get there before me
User A: But like 20 mins before
User B: its coldddd!how bout 15 lol
User A: I know
User A: So I can meet you at mcd's
User B: theres less ppl at the park...but u should bring me some mcd :D
User A: We can go there after
User B: kk :) i got a lil bit of money 2
User A: I got money
User B: its k babe!
User A: Ok baby
User B: ima go 2 bed babe
User A: Ok baby girl
User A: Good night
User B: nite babe..cant wait 2 see u :)
User A: Can't wait either I will be there around 1030 11
User B: huh?wht r u guna do?my gparents aint leavin til around 12:30
User A: Idk hang out I guess
User B: there isnt much 2 do here but kk!tty 2morrow babe :)
User A: Ok baby
User A: Can't sleep
User B: y not?
User A: I don't know I tried
User B: probly cus of tht nap!
User A: I know right
User B: :P
User A: Will u lick me me
User B: i will right after i lean over n give u a big hug :)
User A: :)
User A: I like that
User B: :)
User A: I love u
User B: i love u 2 babe
User A: So u want to go to the motel
User B: ya if u do babe
User A: I wanna make u a no virgin
User B: im glad tht ur guna be my 1st :)
User A: My baby
User B: :) im fallin asleep babe
User A: Ok baby
User B: ill see u 2morrow babe..gnite again :)
User A: Goodnight baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: No just had to work or I was fired
User B: sooooo booooorddddd!!!!
User A: I'm sorry baby
User B: when do u get off??
User A: 330
User B: uggghhh :(
User A: I'm sorry
User B: if i wait all day for nuthin again...
User A: Your not
User B: i believe it when i c it :P
User A: Ok baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User B: hi
User A: How's my baby
User B: seriously?
User A: Yea seriously
User B: u stood me up twice..have only tried 2 talk 2 me once..n now ur actin like nothins wrong
User B: u nevver called me back..never texted me
User B: no response back 2 tht?
User A: I love u baby girl
User A: Sorry shit happened.
User A: But I still love u
User B: no u dont..n explain?
User A: I can't help my car took a shit on me and got kicked out my dad's house and almost lost my job
User B: so u couldnt tell me tht when it happened?u wait til NOW 2 tell me all tht?
User A: Yes
User A: I finally got my own spot
User B: wht u mean yes?y would u wait til now 2 tell me all tht?y wouldnt u tell me when it happened
User A: I'm sorry I didn't have internet and had to start over
User B: no..ur probly lyin..y didnt u call me then?lemme guess..ur phone got shut off 2?
User B: or text me!?
User A: No I just though u didn't want to talk to me
User B: well u were right but u still coulda explained 2 me y u stood me up AGAIN..i was/am mad n sad..i thought u liked me but ur just a normal guy
User A: No I'm not normal I love u
User A: I'm sorry
User A: I would spend m hole life making it up
User B: ya u r normal..n ya right
User A: Ok what ever
User B: oh so now ur guna get mad at me when i didnt do anything wrong
User A: No I'm mad at myself
User B: ok
User A: I know I fucked up
User B: u made me cry
User A: I know I'm so sorry
User A: I know I don't care or believe me
User A: But I will leave u alone
User B: u dont have 2 leave me alone but its guna take a while b4 i can trust u again...n i jus dont know wht 2 think right now
User A: Ok
User A: That's fair
User A: All I can say I'm so sorry
User B: i cant say its ok cus im still sad n mad bout it n idk if u actually r..but ill talk 2 u n see if the feeling goes away
User A: I hope so
User A: :*
User A: I love u baby girl
User B: idk
User A: U don't know what
User B: if u do
User A: I do
User A: I always think about u
User B: then u shoulda tried talkin 2 me!
User A: I'm sorry baby girl
User A: I'm talking now
User A: I know u love me
User A: I always think about u
User B: ya after like a month!mhmmmmmm
User A: Yes I know u love me too
User B: still mad/sad
User A: I know but only because u love me so much
User B: idk
User A: I know
User A: Well baby I got to get ready for bed
User B: k
User A: I got to get ready for work tommorow
User A: I love u plz sloe good for me
User B: sloe?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User B: heyyy
User A: How's my baby
User B: bored...u
User A: Tired
User B: y?
User A: Worked hard today
User B: ohhhh
User A: What U do today
User B: school n thats it :(
User A: Aww poor thing u
User B: i knooo right
User A: I wanna cheer u up
User B: lol how u guna do tht
User A: Idk but i want to
User B: lol
User A: My baby
User A: What u doing baby
User B: talkin to friends
User B: u?
User A: Nothing laying down
User B: ohhhh
User A: Bein bored
User B: u gotta work 2morrow?
User A: Nope I'm off
User B: yayyy
User B: wht u guna do
User A: Idk baby girl
User B: me either..hopefully be warm out this weekend so i can ride my bike :D
User A: It's going to be really nice outside
User B: where u live?
User A: Cincinnati
User A: Wanna live with me
User B: lol ya right
User A: U can
User B: even if i wanted 2 how is tht even possible
User A: Jus move with me.
User A: You can sleep in my bed I would take care of u
User B: ya cus my mom wouldnt wonder where im at or anything?lol
User A: Maybe not say u ran away
User A: Brb going to shower
User B: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Just got out
User B: kk
User A: What u doing
User B: talkin 2 other friends on here
User B: u
User A: Nothing I don't feel important anymore
User B: y u say tht
User A: Sounds like u got other people maybe another man
User B: noooo i dont
User A: I hope not
User B: its jus ppl from my school..i dont like any of the guys im talkin 2 like tht
User A: Ok baby
User A: I love I
User A: U
User B: hehe:)
User A: Do u love me
User B: i like u n i care bout u..u gotta give me a lil time before i can say it again..hope ur not mad :(
User A: I'm not mad I understand
User B: im not tryin 2 say tht in a mean way..:(
User A: I know
User B: im sry
User A: It's ok
User B: i feel like ur mad
User A: I'm not mad baby girl
User B: kk
User A: What u doing
User A: I'm so bored
User B: me 2 haha
User B: im jus talkin 2 ppl n listenin 2 music
User A: I'm just talking to u
User B: :D
User A: .:*
User A: Can u live with me
User B: idk how tht would b possible lol
User B: idk how tht would b possible lol
User A: Just runaway to me
User B: ya right my mom would search for me for months lol
User A: So we would hide u change your  hair.  She wouldn't find u
User B: wht if she did tho
User A: She wouldn't u would take you computer and phone with u
User B: y would i taket those w me?
User A: So she can't find u
User B: u mean i WOULDNT take those w me???
User A: U would
User B: wouldnt tht help her find me
User A: No the cell phone u would throw in the trash randomly.  Before u left and computer you would do the same
User B: ohhhhh ok tht makes sense
User B: wht if u ever wanted me 2 leave cus u got sick of me
User A: I wouldn't
User B: u probly would eventually
User B: lol
User A: Nope
User A: I can't see it
User B: ok..but wht if u DID..then wht would i do
User A: I wouldn't baby don't think like thy
User A: That
User B: theres a chance u would tho
User A: Like .0000000001 chance
User B: :):P
User B: dont u live w ur dad
User A: Not no more
User A: I got my own apt
User B: y not
User B: y not
User A: I got my own place
User B: r u lyin to me mr
User A: No baby
User B: prove it!
User A: I will be moving in on the first
User A: There painting it and gettin it ready for me
User A: I'm still at my dad's only for a few more days.
User B: ohhhhh
User B: u excited?
User A: Very
User B: :)
User A: So...
User B: sooo
User A: Brb
User B: kk
User A: Back wanna lice nd
User A: Live with me
User B: idkkkk
User A: Plz
User B: u probly aint even 4 real again
User A: I m for reall
User B: idkkk..would i leave a note or anything or jus like disapear?its scary 2 think about lol
User B: ima get off here n watch tv
User B: byeeee
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hiii
User B: Hey baby
User A: wht u doin
User B: How was your Easter
User A: good!how was urs
User B: I didn't have one just chilled
User A: y didnt u have 1
User B: Just didn't
User A: ohhh
User B: Did u eat a lot of candy
User A: ya lol i got a lot of those ressee egg things..those r my fav
User B: Mine too
User A: :P
User B: How was your day
User A: boring like usual..i wuna ride my bike but it jus started rainin
User B: Awww not raining here sunny and 80
User A: :(
User B: What
User A: i got an A on an art project :D tht was my highlight of the day lol
User B: Im proud of u
User A: lol ty
User B: Welcome baby girl
User B: So I got a new pet
User A: wht u get
User B: A rat
User A: idk if i like rats lol
User B: It's a girl and she was free and I like rats very loyal pet like dogs
User A: really?
User B: Yup
User B: She is a baby
User A: ohhhh
User A: whoops try again
User A: didnt work
User A: they aint workin
User B: Ok
User A: wht were they
User B: More pics of my rat
User A: ohhhh
User B: Going to the pet store to get more good
User A: kk
User B: Food for it
User B: What u doing tho
User A: i think im goin 2 a friends n a bunch of us r guna study
User B: Are u really
User A: ya..i dont wuna but its history and its my worse subject
User B: What kinda history
User A: bout the civil war
User B: Awesome war
User A: i guess
User B: The blooded
User B: Bloodiest
User B: You going over
User A: im waitin for 1 of em to call me back
User B: Ok
User A: im gettin picked up in like 10 min
User B: That's awesome
User B: So what's up baby
User A: there here ill ttyl byreeee
User B: Baby baby
User B: Bye baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ?
User B: Aww
User B: I'm sorry your stuffy
User A: it sucks
User A: stupid allergies
User B: I take pills for that
User A: they dont work for me..i gotta go to a specialist 2morrow
User B: Ok baby
User B: I love u
User A: :)
User B: My lil girl
User B: What's u doin
User A: just finished laundry u?
User B: Laying here
User B: Your talking to much
User A: so r u :P
User B: U need to slow down talking to much
User B: I love u
User B: Hello
User A: sry was doin the dishes lol i promise im done cleanin n stuff now!!
User B: Ok baby
User A: wht u doin
User B: Still laying Down
User A: ohhh
User A: u tired??
User B: No well kinda
User B: I just want the weekend to be here
User B: I'm hired in the company now
User A: yayyy good job!
User B: I got orientation tomorrow
User A: y do u want the weeked 2 be here?
User A: good job :D
User B: Y not
User B: Thanks baby
User B: I work hard
User A: so whts it mean now tht u got hired w them
User B: More money benefits
User B: Insurance
User A: ohhh
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I miss u
User B: hiii :)
User A: My baby
User B: :)
User A: What u doing
User B: on fb u?
User A: Watching hook on tv
User B: whts hook?
User A: A movie
User B: ohhh
User A: It about Peter Pan
User B: ohhhh i never heard of it lol
User A: It's a good one
User A: I wanna lick u
User A: I jerked off to your pics last night
User B: hahaha sure u doooo
User B: u did?
User A: I always do
User B: awwww :)
User A: Your so sexy
User A: I wanna see u nude :)
User B: :P
User B: uu had ur chances haha
User A: I wanna another one
User B: lol y so u can stand me up again
User A: No so I can lick u
User A: My baby
User B: mhmmm u lie lol
User A: I don't lie I love u
User B: oooooook :P
User A: My bab girl
User A: What u doing sexy baby
User A: Do u love me
User B: i told u alreadyyy
User A: I know your on fb but do u love me
User B: i tolddd u
User A: So u do :)
User B: im not ready to say it yet...i like u n care bout u but u hurt me when u stood me up twice
User A: I love u baby girl.
User A: I told u everything
User B: i knoooo
User A: I care about u so much
User B: :)
User A: I'm so sorry
User B: i kno u r
User A: My lil girl.   You still my gf
User B: oh am i?haha :P
User A: Yes are u
User A: Hello baby
User B: hiiii
User B: lol
User A: My baby
User A: Where u go
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: i got off the comp for a lil bit
User B: Hey baby
User A: hi
User B: How's my baby
User A: bored
User B: What u doing
User A: watchin a movie
User B: What movie
User A: click
User B: That's a funny one
User A: ya i like adam sandler lol
User B: Me too baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: What u doing
User B: on fb again lol
User A: You need to get some new pics baby girl
User B: y lol
User A: So I got something new to jerk off too :)
User B: haha :P well i dont have a cam so idk how i can take new ones
User A: Idk either I can send u one in the mail
User B: i think tht be 2 risky
User A: If u think so
User B: ya id be 2 scared lol
User A: Would u :(
User B: yaaa
User A: I would love to see u on cam tho
User B: sry :(
User A: It's ok baby
User A: So u still my girl
User A: Where u go
User B: nowhere
User A: U left me :(
User B: nuh uhhhh
User A: How was your movie
User B: funny :D
User A: I miss u
User B: miss u 2
User A: U wanna move in with me
User B: ya right lol
User A: Do I want TJ
User A: To
User B: itd be impossible
User A: Not if u want to
User B: my mom would freak out
User A: She will but do u wanna be there anymore
User B: not really haha
User A: So u don't like living  there
User B: not really
User A: Wanna move with me
User B: tht be impossible lol
User A: No it won't
User B: ya it willll
User A: Not really
User A: U will be a few states away and we will do it where she can't find u
User B: id be scared lol
User B: how would i telll her
User A: U just leave a note saying you don't love here and don't wanna be there
User A: And I will come get u
User B: ya right!id leave the note n u would never come lol
User A: I would baby
User B: no u wouldntttt
User A: Yes I would
User B: i dont believe u lol
User A: If u will leave I will get u
User B: i left last time n u didnt
User B: twice!!
User A: Baby u will never forgive me
User B: u cant jus expect me 2 give u another chance jus like tht
User B: u made me feel like an idiot :(
User B: u coulda jus told me u were scared instead of leavin me out there
User A: Plz baby
User B: plz wht??
User A: Plz let me make It up to u
User B: how
User A: Let me come take u home with me
User B: idkkk
User B: ima get off here ill probly be back on later
User A: Think about it ok baby
User B: kk
User A: Plz baby think about it
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User B: hiii
User A: How's my baby
User B: gooood u?
User A: I'm ok kinda still sick
User B: ohh ur sick?
User B: :(
User A: Yea
User B: whts wrong
User A: I feel like I'm dieing ml
User A: Idk
User B: :(
User B: thts wht i felt like when i got sicky
User A: I can't stop coughing and it feels like my lungs are going to quit
User B: :(
User A: I love u
User B: :)
User A: If I die just know I do love you
User B: ur not guna die ;P
User A: I hope not
User A: But do u love me
User B: i care bout u a lot!
User B: u never talk to me no more
User A: I try to but your never on and idk if I can text u
User A: Plus I been sick all week
User B: ya i ammm n u dont answer when i msg u
User A: Sorry I'm not  on all the too
User B: i thought u use yahoo on ur phone
User A: It is but I'm not on it all the time
User B: ohh
User A: Do u love be be mnnmmmnjn
User B: huh
User A: Do u love me
User B: mayb if u would talk 2 me more lol
User A: I try to talk to u as much as I can
User B: kk :)
User A: I love u
User B: :D
User A: I hope u love me
User B: ima get off here im tired..tty tomorrow maybe gniteee
User A: Goodnight baby
User A: :*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey :*
User B: hello
User A: How are u doig
User B: prtty good
User B: sry how old n where from again?
User A: 25 and lawernsburg
User B: ah k kewl
User B: im 14 in petersburg in case u forgot to lol
User A: I didn't forget
User A: :)
User B: sry my memory is bad lol
User A: It's ok
User A: I would love to have fun with u
User B: doin what
User A: Drinking maybe get a room and have sex
User B: lol i've never done those things
User A: Want to
User B: idk i just met you
User A: Well we can have some fun
User A: U want too??
User B: i'd like to get to know u first
User A: What u wanna know
User B: what kinda work do u do
User A: I work in a warehouse I drive forklifts
User B: kewl my uncle drives those too
User B: u'd really want to do that?
User A: That's awesome
User A: Yes
User B: yeah he let me drive one one time i bout wrecked n he  never let me on it again lol
User A: There kinda different to drive that's for sure
User B: specially when ya havent drove anythng before lol
User A: Well you need to learn :)
User B: lol yeah
User A: I like to have fun this weekend
User B: u mean what u said ?
User A: Yes y
User A: ?
User B: just askin lol
User A: U wanna drink get a hotel and have sex
User B: ive never done that
User A: We'll wanna do it ? :)
User B: I'd have to see if mom has plans
User B: brb mom wnts me
User A: Ok I hope she does
User A: U back
User B: yeppers
User A: So what she won't
User B: what i want for supper
User B: ya there?
User A: Yes
User A: I'm here
User A: Got a phone
User A: Can I talk to u on the phone ??
User A: Hello??
User B: sry mom ws talkin to me shes bout to go get sumthin to eat
User A: Awesome
User B: yeah it is cause im stravin lol
User A: Me too
User A: We can go out to eat too
User A: What u going to eat
User B: subway
User A: Sounds yummy what kind
User B: im gettin an italian sub
User A: Yummy
User B: what kind do u like
User A: I like the spicy chicken
User A: With a lot if extras
User B: i like those too
User B: ya gonna be on here for lil bit?
User A: Yes I will be here
User B: k she wants me to go with her
User A: Ok I will be here waiting
User B: kewl ill get with ya when i get back
User A: Ok cutie
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ya there?
User B: Yes
User B: U
User A: yeppers
User B: How was your subway
User A: awesome lol
User B: That's good to hear
User A: can i still call u
User A: ya there?
User B: Yes
User B: When u wanna call me
User A: now if u wnt
User A: I'll have to hurry before mom gets back from next door though
User B: *edit*
User A: whats ur name
User B: Steve don't u remember
User A: lol told u bout my memory
User B: I know
User B: :)
User B: Call me when u can now if u want
User B: So when u going to call
User A: now
User B: Ok here
User B: Waiting
User A: had to make sure mom aint comin lol
User B: Ok :)
User B: So I wil just be waiting
User B: You sound so adorable
User A: aww thnx
User B: Your welcome
User A: ill brb mom said she wnts me to see sumthin
User B: :)
User B: Ok
User A: im back
User B: Yay whatshe want to show u
User A: some shirts the neighbor gave her for me
User A: what r u up to
User B: Nothing watching tv being bored u
User A: me too there aint nuthin on
User B: Nope nothing.   Wanna go hang out this weekend
User A: Ill have to see what mom if mom is planin anythng
User A: do u have any pics
User B: Yes do u
User A: yup
User A: lol can i see
User B: Yes
User A: oops
User A: dang now says problm ocured and it stopped
User B: :(
User A: no fair its wrkin for u lol
User A: y does it keep doin that
User B: Idk
User A: #-o grrr did it again
User A: can u email pics
User B: Yes baby
User B: Going to shower so after
User A: k kewl
User A: its butterflies4ever34@gmail.com
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ya there yet
User A: i'm goin to bed soon if i miss ya tonight i'll tty tomorrow
User A: gnight ttys
User B: Sorry I had to shower and my dad called me
User B: I'm so sorry I sent u my pics :)
User A: oh ok....kewl, nice pics ....I gotta get to bed though I gotta get up early for skewl
User B: Me too got to get up for work
User A: k ill tty tomorrow if ur on
User B: But I felt bad not text u back
User B: I will always be on
User A: k ill hit ya up after sumtime after school
User B: Ok looking forward to it
User B: Goodnight cutie
User A: gnight :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey
User A: whatcha up to
User A: ya busy ?
User B: Nothing no not busy
User B: Bored
User B: Wanna have fun
User A: doin what
User A: doin what
User B: Anything fun
User A: like go skip rocks or sumthin? lol
User B: Ok baby
User B: When
User A: mom said we might go to my uncles tomorrow
User A: ya there?
User A: guess ya busy
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry I feel asleep
User A: Tomorrow would be awesome :)
User B: oh ok thought i made ya mad or sumthin
User A: No u didn't
User A: Just a long day at work
User B: k kewl
User A: Do u like me
User B: yeah i do
User A: :)
User B: do u like me
User A: So u really wanna skip rocks
User B: lol sure i liike skippin rocks
User A: Of course info
User A: Yes of course I like u
User A: Well baby girl I got to go to bed working overtime Tomorrow.    N
User A: So goodnight text
User A: Me later or call me Tomorrow
User B: whats ur number
User B: nm i found where i wrote it down
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hello
User B: Get
User B: Hey
User A: was ya busy
User B: No what's up
User A: not much jst thought id say hey ...so hey lol
User B: Hey :)
User B: Who is this btw
User A: is this steve
User B: Yes
User A: this is stacey
User A: member me ? lol
User B: Yes
User A: k kewl
User B: So what's up
User A: not much jst hngin out u?
User B: Where are you hanging out at
User A: home n my room
User B: Are u
User A: am i what
User B: :)
User B: Got any new pics of your self
User A: not lately
User B: Well can I see one I would love one
User A: id have to email
User B: Do u know my email
User A: yeah u snt me pics from it
User A: i emailed u sum to before
User B: I know send me one plz
User A: i jst remembered i snt sum in yahoo
User B: I know but I love seeing u :)
User A: snt sum
User B: Where u send them too
User B: U can send them too thefiend86@gmail.com
User A: obercock@gmail.com the same one u snt urs from
User B: I got like 3 emails sorry I got them
User B: But what y u doing nothing
User A: idk jst feel like hngin out at home
User B: I would come over :)
User A: moms home :(
User B: :( that sucks I would love to come over and kiss you all over. Maybe kiss something else
User A: seriously?
User B: Of course
User B: Would u let me kiss u all over
User A: does snd interesting lol
User B: Do u want too
User B: ??
User B: U there
User A: lol maybe
User B: Just maybe ??
User A: jst knda nervous to meet sumone i dnt know
User B: What u wanna know about me
User A: its jst about gettin with sumone i met online know what i mean?
User B: I know but I wanna get to know u
User A: whatcha wanna know
User B: What's your fav colo
User B: Color
User A: purple
User A: do u have a fav
User B: Yes it is blue/ green
User B: Ask me a question
User A: i like blue to
User A: what work did u say u do
User B: I work in the warehouse
User A: oh yeah frklift
User B: Yup :)
User A: bet u thnk im lame lol
User B: Well cutie I'm getting sleepy but can i call u
User B: Your sexy and sweet
User A: maybe i can call u morrow when mom aint around
User B: Ok baby
User A: gnight :)
User B: Wish u we're laying next to me
User A: :( sry
User B: It's ok baby girl. Maybe soon :)
User A: yeah maybe :)
User B: :*
User A: gnight ill tty tomorrow
User B: Goodnight baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hello
User B: How a re u
User A: prtty good u
User B: Good cleaned the car ;)
User A: i cnt wait to have my own car lol
User B: U can drive mine :)
User A: lol cnt get a licnse yet
User A: im bout to go to frnds but thought id say hi
User B: Aww well thanks baby
User A: ill txt ya later if ya want
User B: Yes I want u to do that
User B: I wanna to get to know u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: hi jst got home
User A: :)
User A: How was you day
User B: prtty good urs?
User A: Just bored I missed u
User B: awww thts nice
User A: I know
User A: What u doing now
User B: jst hngin out in my room
User A: Me too wish you where laying in my bed
User A: Would u lay with me
User B: lol doin what
User A: Anything u wanted
User A: But I just want to lay with u
User B: lol kewl
User A: Would u wanna
User A: :)
User A: U there babygirl
User B: yeah mom was tlkin to me
User A: What was she talking about
User B: if i wnt sum popcorn
User A: I want u :)
User A: Wanna be my gf
User B: really u like me like that?
User A: Yes I really like you
User B: u r so nice
User A: Thanks baby
User A: So still in your room
User B: yup
User A: What u wearing
User B: shorts n shirt
User A: Sounds very cute :)
User B: :)
User A: Would love to see u in just a shirt :)
User A: :)
User B: lol jst a shirt?
User A: Yup just a shirt nothig else :)
User A: U there
User B: lol oh my
User A: Is that a good oh my
User B: lol a nrvous oh my
User A: Y u nervous
User B: i tld u why
User A: No u didn't u just said u are
User B: told u before its cause of sumone on the net
User B: besides never doin these things before
User A: Well I'm just a normal guy. I just like u a lot
User A: Don't be nervous I just wanna love u :)
User A: U there baby
User A: Hey baby
User A: Baby girl u ok ??
User A: Well goodnight text u later
User B: sry mom wnted me to run next door for her
User A: What u do next door
User A: ??
User B: had to borrow sum sugar lol
User B: im gonna get ready for bed got skewl tomorrow
User A: For what baby girl
User B: ill txt ya tomorrw k?
User A: I got work to baby girl
User A: I hope u have sweet dreams baby girl
User A: Of course baby text me tomorrow
User B: gnight :)
User A: Goodnight baby girl. I will be dreaming of u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey cutie
User B: hello
User A: How are u
User B: prtty good u?
User A: I'm ok :)
User A: How was school
User B: it was school lol
User A: Anything new and exciting
User B: not rlly jst a boring day
User A: I understand. :)
User A: Maybe we can do something fun
User B: lol like what
User A: Idk shopping for a new outfit
User B: that wld be fun
User A: I know u like mini skirts
User A: And or tube tops
User A: Text u later I left my phone charger at home so now it's about to die
User B: k ttyl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: whered u go
User B: Sorry tok a nap
User A: oh didnt wake u did i?
User B: No baby
User B: What you doing
User B: Was deeming about dressing u
User A: k good
User A: lol oh yeah?
User B: Yup
User B: Can I dress u
User B: Like a mini skirt no panties and a bikini top or tube top
User B: That's what I was dreaming about
User A: loll no pnties ?
User B: Yes is that ok
User B: Would u
User A: hmmm maybe lol
User B: I hope I would
User A: lol not in public
User B: Would u if I asked u
User A: in public?
User B: Yea If I take u out
User B: So would u
User A: lol idk maybe, thatd feel kina weird in public
User B: You would get over it I promise I bet you will like it
User B: Would u tho??
User A: lol i might
User B: Ok I hope so )
User B: :)
User A: id be rlly nervous at first lol
User B: But would u try
User A: id prbly try
User B: Sounds fun don't it
User A: lol yeah knda
User B: I bet you will like it a lot
User B: Do u got a mini skirt ??
User A: lol snds intrsting
User B: Well tomorrow you should try it to school
User A: lol id probly get snt home to change
User B: If u wore a Mini skirt??
User A: dressed like u said
User B: Well just wear a mini skirt and a shirt to school with no panties
User A: maybe w/ pnties lol
User B: Yes you should wear no panties with it I beat you will love it
User B: :)
User A: wld a thong count lol
User B: No :) would u try it for me :)
User A: lol shux
User B: ???
User B: So would u do that for me :)
User A: lol that thong dnt count
User B: No baby girl thongs don't count
User B: So would do that for me :)
User A: lol ill see in the mrning
User B: I would hope u do it for me :)
User B: So what u doing ??;)
User A: im tired im gonna get ready for bed
User B: Ok baby girl :*
User A: gnight ill tty tomorrw
User B: I hope u would do that for me :)
User B: Let me know how u feel baby girl
User A: ill txt ya after school
User B: Ok let me know how it goes :)
User B: Sweet dreams baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: sry im here r u
User B: It's ok where u been at all day
User A: at my uncles he had to fix moms car
User B: That's cool I guess
User B: I been thinking about u all day
User A: what have u been up to
User B: Nothig working came home just been relaxing and being bored
User B: What u been doing all day:)
User A: how was work
User B: It was good :) it was long but I don't mind work :)
User A: bein bored jst hangin out at uncles waitin on var to be fixed
User B: Sounds boring I'm sorry
User B: Did u wear that outfit today?
User A: lol with pnties
User B: Awww :( so what u wear
User A: mini skirt n shirt
User B: Sounds sexy
User B: Did u think about not wearing them tho
User A: yeah but chickened out
User B: Awwww did u try it before u left
User A: jst for a sec
User B: Maybe tommorow :)
User B: Can u call me baby ??
User A: dnt wanna chance mom hearin me
User B: :( I would love it if I can hear your pretty voice
User A: :( sry id be grounded for life if she caught me
User B: I understand baby girl
User B: I missed u so much today
User A: aww u did?
User B: Of course I been thinking about u
User B: I wanna make u my gf :)
User A: for real?
User B: Yes for real :)
User A: :)
User B: Would u be my girl :)
User A: if u wnt me to be
User B: I want u to be :)
User A: :) i like u alot too
User B: I like u a lot too
User B: Would u try not to chicken out tommorow
User A: ill try it, no promises though lol
User B: I hope so baby :) just try it for me :)
User A: i will
User B: Promise baby :)
User A: promise ill try to
User B: Ok baby :*
User B: I look at your pics everyday
User B: Would u go out with me this weekend maybe go out see a movie and stay the night with me in a Hotel maybe
User A: wow everday?
User B: Yes everyday like a lot in a day
User A: id have to see if mom has plans for us
User B: What u mean
User A: if i cld do that this weekend
User B: I hope so
User A: I gotta get ready for bed :(
User B: Awww :(
User B: Will u wear no panties for me plz:)
User A: ill try
User B: Thank u baby
User A: ill txt ya after school k?
User B: Ok baby I can't wait to talk to u more :)
User A: gnight :)
User B: Goodnight baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hello been with bestie
User B: Have u been :)
User B: How was school baby
User B: I missed u
User A: it was school lol
User B: How was t
User B: How was it
User A: not to bad
User A: hows ur day
User A: this message was not successfully delivered.
User A: how was ur day
User B: My day was good baby girl.
User B: Did u wear no panties today
User B: :)
User B: What u do with your friend
User A: jst hung out n went to the park for lil bit
User B: That's awesome baby what u do there
User A: jst messed round on skateboards
User B: Are u any good at it baby girl
User A: not rlly cant do tricks lol
User B: But can u roll aroun tho and control it
User A: lol yeah i can do that
User B: That's awesome babygirl
User B: Did u wear a mini skirt today
User A: no wore shorts
User B: Aww i really want u to :)
User A: lol im sry hard to go to school like that
User B: Why baby
User A: if i got sent home for that id be grounded for the rest of the year prbly lol
User B: U won't be sent home no one will no
User B: Only one will know is me
User A: i know jst seems weird to go to school like that
User B: It's not weird baby I jus want u to get use To it ok baby :)
User B: Would u try baby
User A: ill try tommorw...how bout with shorts? lol
User B: That's a good start baby
User B: Would u do that tomorrow
User A: yeah i will
User B: Promise baby girl :)
User A: yes
User B: Thanks baby
User B: You excite for that
User A: yeah kinda
User B: Just kinda :)
User B: So what u doin baby
User A: jst loungin around
User B: What u lounging in
User A: shorts n shirt
User B: Where u at in your house
User A: my room
User B: Would u take your shorts off
User B: Get real comfie :)
User B: Do u love me ??
User A: i rlly like u alot
User B: I like u a hole lot
User B: Would u ever think about running away with me
User A: for real?
User B: Yea for real
User B: Would u do that ??
User A: what bout mom lookin for me
User B: U live in Indiana right
User A: yeah petersburg
User B: Well I'm in ohio
User B: She will look but she won't find u here
User A: what bout school
User B: Do u like school?
User A: not rlly but gotta go
User B: I can home school u
User A: id miss my mom though
User B: I understand
User B: I would love to see u tho
User A: id like that to
User B: Would u
User B: Can I take u to a hotel this weekend maybe
User A: i asked mom what we're doin this weekend but she said she dnt know yet
User B: :( I would like to meet you tho
User A: me too
User B: I would love to kiss u all over and hold u all night
User A: what if im nervous lol
User B: Nervous for what baby girl
User A: never done this before
User B: don't be nervous I love u baby I will take care of u
User B: I would love to have fun with u
User A: ill try not to be nrvous
User B: Ok baby
User B: Are u nervous about sex??
User A: knda
User B: Would u want to have sex?
User A: itd be kewl to see whats its like
User B: So u wanna have sex with me ??
User B: We can have sex when we meet
User A: u wnt to do that?
User B: Yes if u want to baby :)
User A: i hrd it hurts
User B: No maybe the first time but after that u will love it
User A: oh ok
User B: Would u wanna
User A: yeah prbly
User B: :)
User B: Well baby I'm tired can I call me tomiriebv
User A: i better get ready for bed so i can get up in the mrning
User B: Yea me too bit I love talking to u so much
User B: I love u bab girl :*
User B: I would love to have u in my bed right now
User A: i like tlkin to u alot to
User B: You know your my GF right
User A: ill txt u after school k?
User A: i am?
User B: Yes u are :) I hope u will txt me after school :)
User A: I will when i get home
User B: Iam I your man :)
User B: I hope u wear no panties tommorow
User A: :)
User B: :* goodnight baby
User A: gnight :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: Hey baby
User B: How are u
User A: whatcha up to
User B: Nothig relaxing
User B: U
User B: Did u wear your shorts with no panties today
User A: yeah it was weird at first lol
User B: Did u like it
User B: ??
User A: lol it was alright
User B: Did u feel naught
User A: lol lil bit
User B: So maybe a skirt next time
User A: lol mayyyyyybe
User B: I hope so
User B: Sorry was in the shower
User B: What u do today
User A: hung out with bestie
User B: Yea :)
User B: I love u baby
User B: What u doing
User A: u luv me ?
User B: Yea of course I do
User A: had to put clothes away
User B: I rather u take clothes off
User A: lol im sure u wld
User B: I would :)
User B: What u doing
User A: was tryin to fnd sumthin on tv
User B: U There baby
User A: aint nuthin on so trned it off
User B: There is nothing on baby
User B: Ok baby
User B: I keep dreaming of you
User A: what r u doin
User B: Laying in bed thinking about u
User A: what bout me
User B: Everything :) I looks at your pics and think how much I want u
User B: I like u a lot
User A: i like u alot to
User B: I really want to meet u
User B: Can u call me ??
User A: moms been comin in n outta my room
User B: Y baby
User B: Can we hang out
User A: thnk shes jst bored n in yakin mood lol
User B: Oh yea ah gabbing it up
User A: yepppers lol
User B: So u think u will be free today
User A: today?
User B: Friday or this weekend
User A: goin to my uncles tomorrow n spndin the night with my cusin
User B: :(
User A: n goin to gmas sunday
User B: Damn sounds like your busy this weekend
User A: yeppers
User B: I hope your goin to have fun baby
User A: gonna be full frm easter dinners lol
User B: :)
User B: I love u baby
User A: :)
User B: :*
User B: U love me
User A: thnk im strtin to
User B: I know I'm falling in love with u
User A: :) really?
User B: Yes really :)
User B: I want u
User A: mom wnts me to come watch a movie with her
User A: gnight ill txt ya tmorrow
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: What u doing baby girl
User B: gttin ready to go to my uncles / mom
User A: What u going to wear
User B: brb
User A: Ok
User B: shorts n shirt
User A: Mmmm sounds sexy
User B: :) ty
User A: I wanna see u in them
User B: mom is ready to leave. ill txt ya when i get home k?
User A: Ok baby love u lots :*
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey baby how's yor day
User A: it was fun how bout urs
User B: Boring night
User A: :( i sry
User B: It is ok what u do today
User A: had easter egg hunt at my uncles w/ cousins n their frnds
User B: What did u find
User A: i let them fnd em i jst ran arnd chasing them
User B: Your so sweet
User A: yeah im nice like that lol
User B: Did u have fun baby
User A: yeah it was fun
User B: That's good baby
User B: What's my baby doing now
User A: loungin tryin to fnd sumthin on tv
User B: That's hard to do baby nothing on
User A: yeah i jst turned it off n gave up
User B: Do u love me
User A: thnk i might be startin to
User B: I wanna be your man
User A: u do?
User B: Wanna be my girl
User A: if u wnt me to be
User B: I want u to be
User A: still feels knda weird cause meetin on puter but i like u alot
User B: Don't feel weird
User B: We can meet if that makes u feel better
User A: sry mom was tlkin to me
User B: Do u wanna meet
User A: what wld we do
User B: Anything u want
User A: dnt rlly matter to me
User B: What u wanna do movie dinner latzer tag
User A: that all snds like fun
User B: Well we can do it all
User B: Take a lot pics of un
User B: You
User A: u wld take pix of me?
User B: Yes I would baby :)
User A: ok :)
User B: Would u let me
User A: what knda pix
User B: Just pics
User A: yeah id let u
User B: :)
User B: What u doing
User A: was playin games on fb but they makin me mad so not now lol
User B: How they making u mad
User A: cant beat em lol
User B: Aww I'm sorry
User A: guess thats the point of em lol
User B: The point is to win
User A: then it shld be easier to win lol
User A: im gettin tired though
User B: Aww
User B: Maybe u can Call me
User A: ill tyr to tomorrow after done with easter stuff
User A: gotta get up early n go to gmas
User B: Ok baby sounds like your going have a long day
User A: lol hope it aint a long day
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Where u been
User B: I missed u
User A: at jessicas
User A: whatcha up to
User B: U been having fun
User A: yeppers lol
User A: whatcha up to
User A: ?
User B: Nothing tired baby
User A: k ill tlk to ya tomrrow then
User B: Goodnight baby
User A: gnight :(
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby u there
User B: had to put clothes away
User A: What u been doing baby
User A: I missed u
User B: missed u too
User A: My wish is to talk to u on the phone
User B: i can try to call after schol morrow
User A: What time u get out of school
User B: i get home bout 3
User A: I get off at 330
User B: k
User A: Will u baby
User B: yeah ill try when mom aint around
User A: Sounds good baby
User A: I love u baby
User B: :) luv u too
User A: Aww you do baby :)
User B: yeah
User A: Aww so u really falling for me :)
User B: yeppers :)
User A: Aww my baby I want u in my arms
User B: :)
User A: I want I to sleep with me an cuddle
User A: Would u baby
User B: :) that would be nice
User A: It would be I would love thy
User A: That
User B: me too
User A: I love my baby
User B: :) luv u to
User A: What u doing
User B: jst layin here loungin
User A: What u wearing
User B: nightshirt n shorts
User A: Mmmm sounds sexy
User A: I would wanna lick your body up and down
User B: that snds like fun
User A: It does
User A: I wanna do it this weekend
User B: i dnt know what moms doin this weekend
User A: Ok baby
User A: I hope u can
User B: me too
User A: Well baby goin to bed
User A: So goodnight love u lots
User B: k me too gnight
User A: Night baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Where u been at baby u never called me
User B: i was w/ jessica n mom
User A: Aww :(
User B: whatcha up to
User A: About to go to sleep
User A: I wanted to talk to u baby
User B: i did too im sry :(
User A: It's ok baby still love yea :)
User B: yayyyy :) i was hopin u wldnt be mad
User B: ill let ya get sum sleep
User B: gnight ill tty tomorrow
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: Hey baby
User A: whatcha up to
User B: Nothing u baby
User A: nada probly go to jessicas in lil bit
User B: Awww
User B: I would rather u hang out with me
User A: lol i know
User B: I love u baby
User A: luv u to
User B: I'm kinda horny :)
User A: lol ur always hrny
User B: Yea :)
User B: I know u love it
User B: Have u been wearing panties
User A: lol yea
User B: U know I don't want u too :)
User A: jessica jst showed up ill txt ya when im home
User B: K baby girl love u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi ya there?
User B: Yea how's my baby
User A: im good how r u
User B: I'm ok just playing bowling with my sis and her bf
User B: What u doing
User A: jst hangin out bein bored
User A: i wont bug ya while ur bowlin txt me later if ya wnt
User B: I'm done baby
User B: Y u bored baby
User A: jst nuthin to do
User B: I'm sorry
User A: aint ur fault
User B: I know but still sorry
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: whatcha doin now
User B: Nothing what u doing
User A: nuthin jst layin here
User B: Can u lay with u
User B: Can u call me
User A: id be gettin up by the time u got here lol
User B: :(
User B: Your only 3 hours away
User A: lol oh
User B: I love my baby
User A: awww luv u to
User B: What u doing u nude :)
User A: lol no im not nude
User A: thnkin bout goin to sleep
User B: Awww baby
User B: U sleepy
User A: yeah i am
User B: Aww my baby
User B: Can u sleep with me
User A: lol thatd be kewl
User B: I know it would
User A: im goin to bed gnight
User B: Aww baby
User A: sry cnt keep my eyes open
User B: Awww my baby
User B: I wanna kiss and lick. All over
User A: i know but im to sleepy tonight
User A: ill txt u tomorrow k?
User B: Ok baby
User B: Sleep good for me
User A: lol i will gnight :)
User B: I love u baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: ya there?
User B: Yes baby
User B: What u doing
User A: watchin disney music awards
User B: That's awesome
User B: I wanna dance with u
User A: im a bad dancer lol
User B: So I am that's why we match
User A: lol ok so u wldnt be laughin at me
User B: No baby girl
User B: I will not be laughing at u
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Still watching it
User B: no its over
User A: Was it good
User B: not rlly but it was sumthin to watch lol
User A: I love u
User A: I hear yea
User B: luv u to
User A: Aww my baby
User A: So do u still feel we rid
User B: not as much
User A: That's good baby
User A: Did u want to meet
User B: ill have to see moms plans
User A: U always say that and we never meet up
User A: Are u scared too
User B: cause mom has been wntin tgo do thngs on weekends
User A: Like what
User B: goin to uncles or gmas
User A: Well damn I would like to see your pretty face in person
User B: i wnt to see u too
User A: I hope soon
User B: me too
User A: I love my baby
User B: luv u to
User B: i better get to bed so i can get up for school
User A: Me too I love u baby
User B: luv u gnight
User A: Love u too goodnight
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey baby
User A: whatcha doin
User B: About to shower
User B: What u doing
User B: I miss u
User A: k txt me when ur done if ya wnt
User B: I'm done
User B: Wanna shower with me
User A: lol too late now
User B: Will u tho
User B: Would u shower with me
User A: wldnt it be crowded lol
User B: Nope your Small
User A: lol ok
User B: What u doing
User A: was lookin at history notes but now jst layin here
User A: what r u doin
User B: I wanna lay with u
User A: me too that would be nice
User B: It would be nice
User B: Wanna sleep in my bed
User A: thats a long bike ride lol
User B: Well can u just come down for a week :)
User A: a whole week?
User B: Ye :)
User A: what bout school n mom?
User B: Summer is Here soon and mom u can say your going to your friends
User A: yeah cld probly then
User B: When are u out of school
User A: may 23rd
User B: That's not to far away
User A: ikr
User B: I will love to have u for a week
User A: that wld be prtty wild to do
User B: Would u want to
User A: yeah snds fun
User B: It will be fun
User A: i gotta get to bed gotta get up for shool
User B: Ok bab girl
User B: Can u call me tommorow
User A: ill try to
User B: Ok baby well goodnight love u text / call me later
User A: gnight:)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey baby girl
User A: what r u up to
User B: What is my baby doing
User B: Just finish dinner
User A: jst loungin
User B: What u wearing
User A: nightshirt n pnties
User B: Mmmm sexy
User B: I would slide your panties off :)
User B: I bet you look sexy right now
User A: lol dnt know bout that
User A: my hair is a mess
User B: Still with your hair a mess your sexy. An why not slide them off
User B: Would u for me :)
User B: :)
User A: lol now?
User B: Yes now :)
User B: So slide them off for me
User A: you know i dnt like doin that
User B: :)
User B: I know but U know I do :). Will U do it for me
User B: So will u ??
User B: Hello??
User A: maybe before i go to bed
User B: Y not now baby girl
User A: dnt wnt mom catchin me like that
User B: Plz slide them off :)
User B: She won't is yor shirt long
User A: not rlly
User B: Sorry was I the shower
User B: Why not do it any way baby
User A: cause id be to nrvous bout mom opening my door
User B: Don't be :)
User B: So,...
User A: what so .....
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey bsby
User A: whatcha up to
User B: Nothing what U doing
User A: eatin pizza :)
User B: Sounds good
User A: it was
User B: Did I take your panties off last night
User A: lol did u?
User B: Did u
User A: oh no i was too tired to do that
User B: Awww
User A: i sry :(
User B: For what
User A: thought ya was upset i didnt
User B: I rather u did
User B: U know that
User A: yeah i know
User B: What u duping
User B: Doing
User A: jst loungin watchin tv
User B: What u watching
User A: what r u doin
User A: american idol
User B: Nothing I'm horny looking at your pics
User B: Is it a good episode
User A: its sumthin to watch lol
User B: What u wearing
User A: nightshrt n shorts
User B: Sounds sexy
User B: I would love for u to slide your shorts off
User A: :)
User B: Your a sexy lil girl
User A: awww thnx ur sweet
User B: I bet you taste sweeter
User A: lol
User B: Your so sexy
User A: ur gonna make me blush lol
User B: I wanna see that
User B: What u doing baby
User A: lol
User A: nuthin jst layin here
User B: I wanna lick u all over
User B: I would love for u to take our bottoms off
User B: Would u
User A: idk maybe later when i go to bed
User B: Aww what u doing now
User A: still layin here tlking to u
User B: Where u laying at
User A: on my bed
User B: Slide your shorts off baby girl don't be shy
User A: id be to nrvous bout mom openin my door
User B: Don't be nervous.
User B: If you don't do this tonight would u wear a mini skirt with no panties to school tomorrow
User A: yeah id do that
User B: Which one
User A: goin to school like that
User B: How short is your skirt
User A: bout middle of my thigh
User B: Sounds sexy.
User B: Will u wear a sexy too to go with it
User A: a sexy what
User B: Top
User A: yeah i have one that goes w/ skirt
User B: What kind is it
User A: white low cut one
User B: Mmm
User B: Will u pull your skirt up enough to see your ass a lik
User B: Lil
User B: Will u baby
User A: if i bend over it would lol
User B: Would u :)
User B: What u doing baby
User A: mom was tlkin to me
User B: What was she saying
User B: Hey what u going
User B: Doing***
User A: mom was yakin my ear off lol
User B: I can tell
User B: What she talking about
User A: my aunt got her mad bout sumthin lol
User B: Sounds boring
User B: What u doig baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey baby
User A: How are you
User B: good u?
User A: Good :) what u wear to school :)
User B: what i said i would
User A: Oh yea tell me I like hearing t
User A: It
User B: mini skrt with the white top
User A: Any panties
User B: tld u i wldnt
User A: How did u feel. Did I show off your ass like I said
User B: yeah i frgot bout not having them one
User A: That's a good thing. Who u show of yor ass too
User B: when my book fell outta my locker i bnt over to pick it up
User A: That's sexy. Did u like knowing people saw your lil ass showing
User B: knda embarrased when it happened lol
User A: Y did u hear people talking
User B: yeah hrd boys tellin other boys
User A: What they say
User B: idk they pointed my way n giggled
User A: :) I would love for u to never wear panties again
User A: I bet you looked sexy today :)
User B: yeah i did lol
User A: I know u did. I wanna meet u so badly
User A: Will u not wear panties anymore
User A: U know I love u:)
User B: i know u do :)
User A: So will u wear no panties tomorrow
User B: lol yeah
User A: :)
User A: That makes me happy
User A: Do u got any more skirts
User B: yeah a red one
User A: How short is it
User B: same
User A: What kinda too
User A: Top
User A: Will u throw all your panties away:)
User A: U there ??
User B: lol not yet
User A: Y not
User B: im tired i gotta get sum sleep
User A: Can we meet this weekend
User B: lol jst not ready to throw them out yet
User A: U will soon
User B: idk ill have to txt ya morrow n let ya kno
User A: U don't need them :)
User A: I hope u can baby
User A: Can u say your going to a friends house??
User B: hope i can to
User B: if we go to my uncles i wont be able to tell her im goin to frnds
User A: Aww. U can go to your friends house and I can pick u up from there
User B: ill txt u after school n let ya know what mom says we're doin this w/e
User A: Ok bsby high
User A: Ok baby girl
User B: gnight tty morrow
User A: Goodnight baby dream of me
User B: u too :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hey baby
User B: Did u have fun at school
User A: it was school lol
User B: What u wear
User B: :)
User A: my skirt
User B: The red one ??
User B: Did u wear no panties like a good girl
User A: lol yeah i did
User B: Did U show off your lil ass :)
User A: lol its tight fittin so knda hard not to
User B: Every one looking at u.
User A: lol probly
User A: ill brb gotta go to store with mom
User B: Will u always wear no panties now ??
User B: Ok:( can I see u this weekend
User A: when this weekend
User B: Saturday
User A: k ill see what mom is doin while we're gone
User B: Ok :) will u never wear panties again
User A: lol probly not
User A: k she's ready to go ill brb
User B: Ok be here
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: im back
User B: So can u
User A: can i what
User A: ya there?
User B: Yes
User B: Saturday can u
User A: yeah i can :)
User B: Good what did u say to her
User A: that im gonna be with jessica
User B: So can it just be me and u
User A: yeah it will be
User A: mom thnks we' ll be at the azalea festival downtown so she wont know
User A: ya there
User B: Yea sorry
User B: Ok where u wanna meet tomorrow
User A: theres a park close to me
User B: What will u be wearing
User A: what shld i wear
User B: Something sexy for me
User A: lol ok
User A: when shld i be ready
User A: r ya busy
User B: Idk like 3
User B: No
User B: Just eating
User B: Wear mini skirt no panties
User A: oh k txt me when ya wnt
User A: k white one or black one?
User B: Black
User B: An some sexy shirt
User A: lol ok
User A: what time shld i be rdy
User B: 2
User A: k kewl thatll give me time to get ready
User A: ya still eatin?
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: So will u be ready at 2
User B: yeah thought u chnged ur mind
User A: No feel asleep sorryn
User A: Will u wear a mini skirt and a sexy top
User A: No panties no bra
User B: yeah
User A: What color
User B: the white or black skirt?
User A: Which ones sexier
User B: black one is tighter
User A: Ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: im excited
User B: Me too
User B: What u doing
User A: wishin tomorrow wld hurry up n get here
User A: what r u doin
User B: I know what u mean
User B: Nothing what u doing
User A: gettin sleepy
User B: So what outfit u wearing
User A: black mini skirt n white top
User B: So it will take me a few hours to get to u
User A: r u gonna txt me when ur on ur way
User B: What's the park called
User B: And yes
User A: hornady park
User B: U just going to get in my car
User A: yeah thought that was the plan
User B: Just making sure
User A: what r we gonna do
User B: What u wann do
User A: lol whatever u want
User B: Wanna get a room
User A: yeah prbly best
User B: U wanna have some naughty fun
User A: lol what kind of naughty fun
User B: What u think:)
User A: lol well that cld be lots of thngs
User A: i cnt keep my eyes open i gotta get sum sleep
User B: Aww
User A: dnt wanna be tired tomorrow :)
User B: I know
User B: But just be ready to get naughty
User A: lol i will be
User B: :)
User A: gnight txt me when ur on ur way k?
User B: I will baby p
User B: Text me when u get up
User A: k i will. i cant wait :
User A: gnight :)
User B: Night baby
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Sorry over sleepy
User A: Did u still wanna meet I won't be there till like 6
User B: I am going to festival with jessica if ya want to come text me and ill meet ya somewhere
User A: Ok bsby
User A: What u wearing
User A: And I'm leaving now
User A: Can I take you all night :)
User B: just jeans and a sweatshirt
User A: Oh
User B: maybe i can say I'm at jess house
User A: I will pick u up and take u to a hotel. We will take pics and have sex all night
User B: kewl
User A: U like that
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Where u at
User B: was waitin on u to head to the park
User B: im still at the festival
User A: Let me know
User A: Meet u there
User B: where r u
User A: Where are u at the festival
User B: im near the stage can u park at the fish hut
User B: what car do u have so i can look for u
User B: ya there?
User A: White Camry and about to park
User B: k ill be right there ill find u
User B: r u parked at fish hut
User A: No at the mcdonalds
User B: k ill be there :)
User B: i dont see u
User B: where ya at
User A: I'm at
User B: at where?
User B: ya there?
User A: Yes I don't see u
User B: i dnt see u
User A: I don't see u
User B: where r u parked
User B: where u at?
User B: lol where r u
User B: guess u aint gonna answer me so im going back to the festival
User A: I'm right here I will meet u there
User B: ur right where
User B: fine im goin back to the festival then
User A: Where are u I'm getting pissed
User B: where r u at then
User A: Fish hit
User B: fish hut?
User B: lol prove thats where u r
User A: How
User B: what does it look like
User B: lol well?
User B: lol whatever u aint there
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Baby
User B: hi
User A: Hey I looked for u all over didn't see u.
User B: yeah me too
User A: I don't know where u were
User B: r u sure u wnt to the right town ? lol
User A: I think so
User A: I felt like I drove for nothing.
User A: I wanted to have a lot of fun with u
User B: aint my fault i looked for you at mcds
User A: I looked for u too
User A: What u doing baby
User B: jst got done with homework
User A: That's awesome
User B: what r u doin
User A: Nothig watching tv
User A: What u doing bab
User A: Baby
User B: mom wnted me to put away clothes
User A: Ok baby
User B: ya there?
User A: Yes
User B: whatcha doin
User A: Watching tv taking easy got sick after coming back home
User B: aw u did?
User A: Yea
User A: Real bad
User A: I had to go see the doc today
User B: hope ur ok
User A: I'm ok
User B: i wa prtty mad at u though
User A: I was mad at u too
User B: idk y i was there
User A: Same here
User B: if u say so
User A: I was lil one I wanted to fuck u so badly
User B: figured u thought i was ugly n chnged ur mnd
User A: No i was looking forward to licking u
User B: i was too
User A: I want u still.
User B: i still wnna try it too
User B: im goin to bed gnight
User A: Wanna meet soon :$
User A: :)
User A: I love my baby girl
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: im back
User B: Woohoo wb
User A: lol thnx
User B: Hope didn't make mad asking color panties
User A: o no u didnt
User A: u wont make me mad askin stuff dnt wrry
User B: Ok hun just was curious lol
User B: Atleast didn't ask if had bra on lmao
User A: lol i do now
User B: Oh lol
User B: Not cause of me is it lol
User A: lol no to go to store
User B: Oh so don't show boobies lol
User A: lol yeah that wldnt be good
User B: Ur cute and fun hun
User A: thnx ur fun to tlk to too
User B: well hun whats else you want to talk about whatever you want to
User A: it dnt matter to me
User B: not sure what to ask you hun
User A: lol me either
User B: there thing curious about but not sure if youd answer lol
User A: lol yeah ill answer
User B: ok hun do you shower or a bath
User A: shower
User B: cool shave ur legs
User A: lol of course
User B: ever let a boy see ur boobs lol
User A: lol no i hvent
User B: ever been asked
User A: yeah boys ask all the girls lol
User B: you ever see a boysprivate? be honest
User A: no i hvent
User B: boy ever see urs?
User A: nopey
User B: ok ur turn
User A: lol i still got nuthin
User B: ok hun
User B: dont get mad ok
User A: i wont
User B: curious do u shave down there like some girls do?
User A: yeah i do
User B: doesnt it hurt?
User A: if ya mess  up lol
User B: oh lol
User B: are you shaved there now?
User A: yeah lol
User B: cool
User B: has a boy ever put his hands down your pants?
User B: its starting to rain lol
User A: lol no they havent
User B: cool
User B: what time do you go to bed?
User A: usually around 11 or 12
User A: when do u
User B: cool
User B: around 1-2
User B: was i to personal hun with questions
User A: lol no ur fine
User B: be honest ever touch yourself
User A: i have but didnt rlly like it much
User B: small boobs or medium boobs lol
User A: lol small
User B: how small lol
User A: lol real small
User B: can i see lol
User A: lol dnt have pix of em
User B: if you did would you show me lol
User A: idk a girl at school did that n got in bunch of trble
User B: well hun i wouldnt tell
User B: whats for supper?
User A: meatloaf
User B: mmm like meatloaf
User A: me too and mashed taters lol
User B: mmm
User B: what time will you be back on hun
User A: its bout done so bout an hour or so
User B: ok hun talk more then
User B: if you want
User A: yeah i'd like that
User B: me too
User B: later hun
User B: think of questions for me lol
User A: lol ok ill try to
User B: ok bye
User A: k ttyl
User B: kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi hun
User B: hi :)
User A: hru
User B: full lol
User B: how bout u
User A: im good hun
User A: so what up tonight?
User B: idk probly just loungin around
User A: cool
User A: what time is your bath
User B: in lil bit before 8
User A: ok hun
User A: you wear jammies night gown or tshirt panties?
User B: nightshirt n pnties
User A: me to hun
User A: tshirt undies lol
User B: lol ohhhhhh ok
User A: what color panties will you wear tonight?
User B: idk yet
User A: ok cool
User A: shower right?
User B: yeah might soak in a bath idk lol
User A: cool
User A: brb
User B: k
User A: back
User B: yay wb
User A: ty
User A: so youve payed with yourself did you get caught
User B: no thnkfully lol
User A: were you in bed naked
User B: yeah
User A: lol where you making noise hun
User B: lol no
User A: tell me how youtouch it hun
User B: i didnt rlly like it though lol
User A: ok tell me about it
User B: lol i jst rubbed down there
User A: did you use fingers
User B: yes
User A: did you go inside of it?
User A: how did you take these pics hun
User A: sent you gift yesterdayyou get it
User A: not you hun my kid lol
User B: lol sry mom wnted me
User A: ok hun
User B: my frnd jessica took the pics
User A: cool
User A: does she know your on moco
User B: no....no she dnt lol
User A: ok hun when you played with it did your finger go ind=side of you?
User B: lol yeah lil bit:\">
User A: wish could seen that hun lol
User A: tell me hun be honest ever see boys private
User A: i wont tell
User B: no i rlly havent
User A: ok
User A: have you tried touching yourself again lol
User B: lol yeah but jst seems fake
User A: are you dressed still
User B: yeah
User A: cool
User A: is door closed lol
User B: lol yeah
User B: im gonna go jump in the tub ill brb k?
User A: ok hun do me favr
User B: yeah?
User A: touch it for me lol tell me about it in tub lol
User B: lol rlly?
User A: no lol but f was would you
User B: but huh? lol
User A: if was hun would you lol
User A: let me know when done in shower hun
User B: lol was still tryin to fgure out what u mnt
User A: if i asked you to touch it would you
User B: lol idk
User A: ook hun wash it good lol
User B: lol ok
User B: ill brb
User A: ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: u ok
User B: sry im here now
User A: Cool what color lol
User B: what color hat?
User B: what?
User A: Undies lol
User B: lol oh pink
User A: Panties lol
User B: lol yeah pink ones
User A: Mmm did u touch it
User B: the pnties? lol
User A: No ur puss lo of coarse I touch panties lol
User B: lol yeah thats what i was thnkin...kinda hard not to touch them lol
User B: yeah had to get clean  lol
User A: Did u no hun other than that lol
User A: To bad no camera lol
User B: lol yeah i hate not having one
User A: If had one what type pic would you send me
User B: lol not no nudeys
User A: In panties lol
User B: lol maybe bathing suit
User A: Kk
User A: What are you doing now
User B: watchin disney music awards
User B: what r u doin
User A: Talking to you lol
User B: sry mom brought me clothes to put away
User A: Cool
User B: not rlly cool lol
User A: Why hun
User A: why hun to many lol
User B: lol jst dnt like hangin em
User A: yea
User A: when done let me know
User B: ill do it in lil bit
User A: kool
User A: so whats your questions lol
User B: ;lol oh yeah questions .......lol
User A: anything you want hun
User A: still here lol
User A: hi hun
User B: sry im here now
User A: ok hun
User A: you busy hun want me let you go
User B: no im here
User A: ok hun
User A: did you like touching it for me lol
User B: lol i was jst washin it
User A: u alone now
User B: yeah
User A: cool door closed
User B: lol yeppers
User A: cool touch it for me lol
User B: lol i might try it again before i sleep
User A: mmmmm wish could watch hun
User A: do you feel ur boobies to
User B: lol i did when i tried it before
User A: did your nipples get hard
User A: what are you doing now
User B: jst loungin watchin stuff on youtube
User A: cool
User B: that got boring now im jst layin here lol
User B: what r u doin
User A: laying here to
User A: thinking of what your going do lol
User A: are you touching urself
User B: lol not atm
User A: would you like me to touch myself lol
User A: you still here lol
User B: yeah i am now had to get sum water
User A: ok
User A: wish had a cam lol
User B: lol sry
User A: if you did would you let me see you in nighty lol
User B: in nighty yeah lol
User A: maybe show panties lol
User B: lol maybe
User A: what do you think im doing?
User B: lol idk what?
User A: touching my self lol
User B: lol really?
User A: yeah are you yet
User B: lol not yet
User B: dnt wanna chance mom  catchin me on here n doin that lol
User A: oh ok hun
User A: just one time now rub it tell me howe it feels
User B: lol id rather lay down relax n try it
User B: doin it and on here wld be distracting
User A: ok hun will you tell me about it
User A: touch it just this once for mr tell me if its wet
User B: lol okie ill try it before i go to sleep n let ya know how it goes
User A: promise
User B: yes
User A: ok hun
User A: ill be up till 2am lol
User B: lol okie
User A: pink panties lol
User B: lol u laugin at my panties ?
User A: no hun
User A: love see ur panties
User B: lol oh ok
User A: with you in them
User B: lol id hope it wldnt be sumone else wearin em
User A: lol
User B: ya there?
User A: yes hun
User A: im here hun whats up
User B: btter get to bed so i can get up for school
User A: ok hun did you yet lol
User B: lol not yet i will though
User A: ok
User A: wish do it while im still on line lol
User B: lol wldnt be able to concentrate on it
User A: try for me please
User B: lol i will let ya know tomorrow
User A: ok before school lol
User B: lol if i have time
User A: ill be up 6am hun happy playing lol
User B: lol gnight :)
User A: gn hun kisses:x
User B: :-* tty tomorrow
User A: ok hun sweet dreams
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User B: hi :)
User A: Hru
User B: imgood u?
User A: Yeah hoping to get see u friday
User B: kewl ya still want to
User A: Why not hun do you want me to
User B: yeah i do
User A: U get pic taken lol
User B: lol no i didnt
User A: Aw why not lol
User B: lol thought we figured that out last night
User A: Yeah but still hun tease me some lol
User A: What you color panties
User B: white
User A: Cool lol
User A: You think about what's going to happen friday
User B: welllll yeah knda hard not to lol'
User A: Yech lol u excited
User B: could i call u sumtime to hear ur voice
User B: lol yeah r u
User A: Yeah hun ur number
User A: You already have bath
User B: itd be better to call u when mom aint arnd
User B: no im runnin late lol
User A: Ok hun
User B: can u txt too
User A: I can call you tell me when she's not home on here I'll call ok
User B: lol dnt ant me calin u?
User A: Oh ok not tonight at er with family lol
User B: oh ok, hope alls ok
User A: Yeah so far is your phone verizon
User B: its jst jnky prepd phone
User A: Yeah what type service tmobile verizon sprint
User B: all i know is str8 talk lol
User A: Hey I'll be home at 10pm ok hun
User B: k im gonna jump in the shower
User B: get with me when ya wnt
User A: Mmm what color for tonight and rub it good for me
User B: idk any suggstions? lol
User A: Hmmm none lol so you can play lol
User A: You have green
User B: lol light green
User A: Cool
User B: lol ok
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm here now
User B: me too :)
User A: Kool
User B: hows everythng
User A: Whatcolor
User B: the light green ones lol
User A: Cool did you play with it
User B: not yet
User A: Going to for me
User B: idk bout tonight im prtty tired
User A: OK hun if do take finger play with butthole to ok
User B: how do i do that
User A: U have lotion
User B: yeah
User B: hand lotion
User A: OK put little on one finger gently put it in there
User A: With other hand play with pussy see if like that
User B: ah okie
User A: Mom asleep
User B: no shes still awake
User A: OK hun with finger in butt and one in pussyslowly move in and out ok
User B: use both hands?
User A: Yeah hun or tonight just try butt
User B: okie
User A: Can you try now tell me about it
User B: maybe when i go to bed
User A: How will you tell me tonight lol
User B: lol sumthin for ya to look forward to morrow
User A: OK hun you really going to try?
User B: yeah i will
User A: Okhun
User B: ill brb mom wnts me
User A: K
User A: Still here lol
User B: sry im here
User A: Cool hun get some rest hugs and kisses
User B: yeah I better, I'll talk to ya morrow k?
User A: OK hun
User A: 8-}
User B: lol whats that for
User A: Kissing you hun
User B: oh you put the silly smiley lol
User A: Lol kissing your soft lips
User B: lol ohhhh okie
User B: :-* gnight :)
User A: N
User A: Nightbhun
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hi hun hru :)
User A: bored lol
User A: how bout u
User B: Me to
User B: U try that last night
User A: whatcha been up to
User B: Nothing thinking of u
User A: awww what bout me
User B: Ho much fun going be friday
User B: What color going wear for me
User A: what should i wear
User B: Loose fitting clothes
User A: ok ill wear loose jeans
User B: Did you try what I asked last night
User B: Ok
User A: yeah and it hurt
User B: A lot
User A: yes
User B: Ok hun keep trying use more lotion
User A: Ok
User B: What finger did you use
User A: first one
User B: Cool hun
User A: can i call u before mom gets home tonight
User B: Ok  hun what's ur number
User A: im not sure when she'll be comin itd be safer to call u
User B: Send it she come home hang up lol
User B: Ok hun
User A: ok what
User B: Send ur number lol
User A: lol i gave my nmber to a guy and he got me in trble by callin
User B: I wont hun promise
User B: Please
User B: Pretty please
User B: :)
User A: Iol idk cause i got grounded for a month
User B: Hun I wont call unless y say ok
User A: lol ill have to thnk bout it
User B: Ok hun now good Time mom not home lol
User A: she'll be home prtty soon anyway
User B: So when comes in hang up lol
User B: Please
User A: lol y cant i jst call u
User B: Cheaper me call you lol
User A: lol its free for me
User B: Please please  please
User B: If you trust me hun u will lol
User A: lol i do but still
User B: Aw give number hun u know I wont get us in trouble
User A: she jst pulled in anyhow
User B: Dam lol what color panties today
User A: red ones
User B: Mmmmm nice bikini or boyshorts
User A: bikini
User B: Mmmmmm going try finger again for me
User A: yeah ill try again n do what u said
User B: Kool want you trying everyday till friday ok
User A: what if it still hurts
User B: Well hun well see what's up then ok your butt or pussy
User A: both lol
User B: Well hun ur pussy friday will be sore ok
User B: So moms home
User A: yeah
User B: Darn id tell you more on phone lol
User A: lol
User B: What time she go to work friday
User A: 4
User B: Ok
User B: We still going to meet
User A: yeah i wnt to
User A: do u
User B: Yes hun you still wanting to try stuff
User A: yeah lil nervous though
User B: Ok hun what's first thing you want to try
User A: lol idk followin ur lead... member?
User B: Ok try sucking it first
User A: mom wnts me ill brb
User B: Ok hun
User A: lol okie ...k ill brb now
User A: she wnts me to ride to the store with her to get sum pop
User B: Ok hun
User B: Ttyl
User A: i wnt to stay here n talk to u though lol
User B: Tell her lol
User A: lol yeah....hey mom can i stay here n talk to this guy online lool
User B: Tell her you going take bath or do homework lol
User A: lol i already took one she knows that
User A: can i txt ya while we're gone so i wnt be bored in the car lol
User A: shes ready to go so ill be back in lil bit
User B: Cool
User B: Ur number for me to text lol
User A: *edited* ..... lol i was jst bout to walk out of my room
User A: im outty now, txt mee
User B: Ok
User B: Hi
User A: heyyyyy
User B: Heyyyyu
User B: Lol
User B: What's up
User A: lol bout to the store
User B: Cool lol
User B: U going in
User A: no im stayin in the car
User B: Cool hru
User A: whatcha doin
User B: Texting you lol
User B: What are you doing
User B: ?????
User A: txtin u lol
User B: U at store
User A: yeah moms inside
User B: Call me
User A: shes bout to come out i see her at the rgster
User B: U here lol
User B: Oh just make it quick
User B: What time can you call
User A: we re on our way home
User B: Kool
User A: gonna have root beer floats when we get home :)
User B: Cool
User B: I want one too
User B: Lol
User A: lol
User A: we're almst home ill txt ya morrow after school if ya wnt ok
User B: Ok lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hi :)
User B: What are you doing
User A: fixin pizza rolls lol
User B: Cool you alone
User A: no moms home
User B: When she leave
User A: what r u up to
User B: Nothing
User A: shes not wrkin today
User B: Oh so can't call lol
User A: might be able to sneak real quick later lol
User B: Cool text first
User A: she tripped comin in the house last night n hurt her leg
User B: Aw
User A: yeah id text ya before id call
User A: didnt get no float lst night either
User A: when she fell the cans wnt everywhere lol
User B: Cool
User A: lol no not cool i wnted a root beer float :(
User B: Aw I'll get u one lol
User A: lol awww thnx
User A: i gtg for now ill txt ya later k?
User B: Yeah where u at in house
User B: Ok
User A: living room with mom
User B: K
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi :)
User B: Hi sexy
User A: whatcha up to
User B: Nothing bored
User B: What are you doing
User A: sittin in the livin room w/ mom watchin tv
User B: Cool
User B: What are you watching
User A: yeah her leg is still hurtin so in case she needs sumthin
User B: Cool
User A: iheartradio music awards
User B: Cool
User B: She no ur texting lol
User A: lol she dnt know who though
User B: Lol
User B: She see texts
User A: lol no she dont
User B: Cool what color panties
User A: blue lol
User B: I want to see lol
User B: Butt still sore
User B: You ready for friday
User A: mom might not wrk morrow cause of her leg hurtin
User B: When will you know hun
User A: tomorrow, depnds how its feelin
User B: Ok
User A: i'll txt u right after school
User B: Cool wish as able send pic tonight
User A: u or me?
User B: U lol
User A: lol oh sry
User B: Use mms phone lol
User A: lol yeah....hey mom can i use ur phone to send this guy a pic lol
User A: im real tired so im gonna get to bed so aint tired morrow
User B: Ok hun play with ur butt ok
User A: k ill try it again
User B: Ok baby use lotion lol
User A: lol ok i will
User A: gnight ill txt u right after school
User B: What color you wearing to meet me tomorrow
User A: green like u wnted
User B: Cool bring extras lol
User B: Head my way lol
User A: lol k ill brng extra ones
User A: can u still if i let u know after school
User B: Can I have ones you wear when were done
User B: U in ur room
User A: yeah sure
User B: K
User B: Can call me for few
User A: im still sittin in livin room
User A: mom wnts me to walk with her to her room so she dnt fall
User B: Go to room lol
User B: Ok
User A: ill txt u after school k?
User A: gnight
User B: Gnight kisses
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hi
User B: hi :)
User A: What's up
User B: just got outta school yayyyy lol
User A: Can u call
User B: moms here
User A: Oh she going to work
User B: yeah :)
User A: Cool when
User B: she works at 4
User A: Kool where to meet at I'm at car wash lol
User B: lol ur alrdy here?
User A: Yeah lol
User B: lol oh kewl do u know where the park is
User A: Pride more
User A: Pride creek
User B: hornady park
User A: No lol tell me
User A: I got directions lol
User B: not good with directions
User A: I know where it's at now lol
User B: turn by Mcdonalds
User A: Found it
User B: r u there now?
User A: Yeah
User B: Where should I go when mom leaves?
User A: By pound
User B: pound?
User A: Pond
User B: oh ok what r u in so I'll know :)
User A: Out walking lol will u be on a bike
User B: I don't ride a bike Ill just walk
User A: Ok
User A: What time she leave
User B: ok c u soon!!!
User A: Kk
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey
User A: What's up
User B: Not much can u identify yourself lol
User B: This is Maddie
User A: This is Tory from meet me
User B: Lol ok just wanted to make sure bfore I started talking haha hru
User A: Great you
User B: Not too bad
User B: So where r u from again
User A: Lawrenceville Illinois you
User B: Petersburg Indiana
User A: Can you send me a pic
User B: Maybe we can talk a little first bfore I start sending pics lol
User A: That's fine what do you wanna try talk bout
User B: So what do u do? Do u work
User A: Im in lawn care
User B: Oh cool u work everyday
User A: I don't work weekends
User B: So what do u do when I aren't working
User A: Go four wheeler riding
User B: Do u have one
User A: Yes
User B: I love doing that
User A: You might have to come take a ride with me on mine
User B: Would u give me a ride?
User A: On mine
User B: I love 4 wheeling that would be fun
User A: I'd take you a ride
User B: Cool but u live far away don't u
User A: Not to far
User B: Where do u take the 4 wheeler
User A: Thur mud and trails
User B: I think mud is the most fun
User A: I'm getting ready to start my last yard
User A: Lol like getting dirty
User B: Ok
User B: Yeah it's fun
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I'm back
User B: Hey
User A: Miss me
User B: Haha maybe
User A: Lol
User B: Do u have more yards to do
User A: Nope done for the day
User B: That's cool
User A: Yep what are you doing
User B: Getting ready to do to dance class
User A: Nice
User B: Yep
User A: Means you have a nice body
User B: Lol ok:)
User A: Wanna show me yet
User A: Lol I'm jk
User B: Haha
User A: Maybe later
User B: U wanna see my body later? Lol
User A: Maybe
User A: That's up to you
User B: What does that even mean?
User B: Like a pic?
User A: If you wanna send me a picture later
User B: I can send a pic from computer later when I get home do u have email?
User A: Yes
User B: Ok give it to me and I'll send one later one:)
User A: Yes I have email
User A: twbeltz8622@gmail.com
User B: Kk I will send later about to go into dance
User A: OK
User A: That's fine
User B: Cool cya
User A: See ya have fun
User B: :)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey just getting home and need to shower lol I promise to send pic later tonight:)
User A: I need to take a shower and OK sweetheart
User A: How was dance
User B: Good lol hru
User A: Tired but I'm good
User B: Do u get up early?
User A: 6am
User B: Yep lol
User B: U can just text me tmrw if that's better
User A: I'm not going to bed yet
User B: Ok
User A: I need a back massage
User B: Lol do u? Me too
User A: Yes I give you one you give me one
User B: That seems fair haha
User A: Right so what are you doing
User B: Eating an apple lol
User A: Yum I love apples
User B: This is #4 today!
User A: Dang
User B: Yep it's true lol
User A: What's your favorite food
User B: Apples lol
User B: Pizza
User A: Lol
User B: What about u
User A: Love pizza
User B: It the best with extra cheese
User A: Ribs pizza Mac n cheese
User B: I like two of those but not one lol guess which one I don't like
User A: Ribs
User B: Yep u r right
User A: Yay
User B: Lol
User A: So what do you wanna talk about
User B: Up to u
User A: How tall are you
User B: 5'4
User A: Nice
User B: how about u
User A: 6'2
User B: nice
User A: Tell me something personal bout you
User B: what do u wanna know lol
User A: Idk
User B: ok let me think
User A: Lol OK
User B: i never sleep with socks lol
User A: I've never sleep in more then just boxers lol
User B: lmao
User A: Lol what
User B: it just made me laugh thats all
User A: Anything else
User B: I like to wear my hair in braids
User A: I use to have orange and purple in my hair I did it cuz no one thought I would
User B: Haha that's funny
User A: Yep
User B: What else
User A: I have five tattoos
User B: I like tattoos
User B: I don't like standing on my head
User A: I can't do that
User B: It hurts my head lol
User A: What else
User B: I hate ants
User A: I got one for you but you don't have to answer it
User B: Ok what
User A: Thongs or boyshorts
User B: I have both it just depends on the pants i am wearing
User A: For example the one you have on right now
User B: I have the boy shorts on now cause I just showered
User A: Nice I like either
User B: Lol yeah that's good
User A: What's the pictures go on a be when you send me them
User B: Just a reg one lol
User A: OK that's good
User B: I still have to get on my computer but I will! So tell me about the 4 wheeling
User A: Usually me and my buddy try to ride every weekend
User B: So cool I want one
User A: I wanna get another one
User B: Get me one lol
User A: What brand
User B: Oh idk but it needs to be pink
User A: Lol
User B: I am serious
User A: I know you are
User A: Im so tired
User B: Go to bed I will be around tomorrow more lol
User A: I no but I wanna see the pic before I go to bed
User B: I know but it's downstairs rigjt now and my mom is down there
User A: Can you send one from your phone
User B: No lol that's a long story haha
User A: Is there a short version of it
User B: Sent a pic from phone as a joke and mom blew her lid and took cam and pics off my phone for now
User A: Was it a bad pic
User B: No not really at all. It was a joke to another friend and she blew it out of proportion
User A: Parents are good at that
User B: Yep I agree lol
User B: I'm tired too and need to sleep
User B: Text me tomorrow:)
User A: Then go to bed
User B: U mad?
User A: I most definitely will good night and no I'm not mad why would I be
User B: Cause I said I needed to sleep idk lol
User A: No I'm not mad
User B: Kk good :)
User A: Goodnight sweetheart
User B: Night ^_^
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Your really cute
User B: Thanks
User A: Your welcome
User B: U have to send one too
User A: To your email
User B: Yes
User A: I sent them
User B: Kk cool
User A: Do you like yoga pants
User B: Yes y lol
User B: Nice pic cool tattoo
User A: Just wondering do you wear them a lot
User B: Yeah lol Y
User A: Cuz yoga pants on you would be sexy
User B: Lol thanks I like them
User A: Me to
User B: So do u wear them lol
User A: Lol no
User B: Haha
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hey
User A: Whatcha doing
User B: Just sitting here a min I feel like taking a nap lol
User A: Lol I'll let you take a nap you have dance tonight
User B: It's fine I have a few min and I don't have as much tonight
User B: U done work
User A: Yep just finished
User B: Nice now what
User A: Gonna get some food and probably go see my mother
User B: That's nice u like your mom?
User A: Yes
User B: That's always a plus:)
User A: I help her out a lot actually
User B: With what
User A: Like with house work and going to the store with her she had surgery a few years back and the doctor messed her up
User B: Oh no what happened
User B: That's super nice of u btw
User A: The doctor cut some nerves
User B: Oh that can't be good how old is she
User A: 58
User B: Well u sound like a nice son:)
User A: I am
User B: :):)
User A: You and your parents get along
User B: Mom yes dad no but dad doesn't live with me
User A: Oh
User B: Yep
User A: ??
User B: Lol
User A: So did you get to see the pics I sent you
User B: No I will look now
User A: OK
User A: I sent three
User B: Wait the ones from this morning?
User A: Yes
User B: Lol yes they were nice I like the tattoos I thought u sent those other ones lol
User A: Lol I haven't yet its up to you if you want me to
User B: Sure u got me curious :)
User A: Lol gonna send some back like that of you
User B: Nope lol that's in person only:):)
User A: Sad face
User B: Don't be sad:(
User B: I need to go to dance so can I text u later?
User A: OK sweetheart have fun
User B: Ok:) thnx
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: hi
User B: Hey
User A: Hru
User B: Cold
User A: U r cold?
User B: Yes very cold
User A: Sorry:(
User B: Its OK
User A: U have a coat lol
User B: Yes
User A: Is it on lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Eating
User A: Sorry sweetheart had to work on my mower
User B: It's cool lol:)
User A: What are you doing
User B: Laying in bed again lol
User B: I didn't sleep well last night :(
User A: Thinking of me beside you and why
User B: Yes ofcourse! And idk
User A: Aww your sweet
User B: It's so easy to be with u:)
User A: Do you want to be with me
User B: Well yeah lol
User A: Then let's be together
User B: Ok!
User A: :-)
User B: <3
User A: ??
User B: U r super sweet I feel so lucky:)
User A: Thanks so are you
User B: :):)
User A: Tell me what you thought of the pictures I sent you
User B: I have to say I really liked them
User A: Afraid its gonna hurt
User B: Kinda yeah
User A: I'd be gentle
User B: U promise
User A: I'm getting I'm the shower real quick and yes I promise
User B: Ok:)
User A: I'm out
User B: Lol ok that was fast
User A: Wouldn't have been if you were in with me
User B: Lol Y is that
User A: Lol guess
User B: Wash my hair
User A: What else
User B: Lol idk :) what would u do
User A: Anything you wanted
User B: I can wash your hair too lol
User A: OK
User B: It will feel good
User A: Will I have to get condoms ??
User B: Yes!
User B: I don't want to get pregnant
User A: ;-)
User B: Do u have any
User A: I think one or two
User B: Ok
User A: I need to go to bed I'm super tired
User B: Yeah me too:)
User B: Gnite xoxo
User A: I'll text you tomorrow good night xoxoxo
User B: Ok:) <3
User A: ?????
User B: Thanks cutie
User A: Your welcome sweetheart
User B: ;)
User A: Night
User B: Night lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey sorry been a long day
User B: Hey:) that's np lol
User A: What are you doing
User B: On my way home from helping out at dance what r u doing
User B: R u still cold lol
User A: Getting ready to go eat with some friends and yes
User B: Still? Oh no:(
User A: Ya it sucks
User B: Sorry bout that
User A: Its not your fault
User B: Lol hope not
User B: I missed u!
User A: Lol
User B: :)
User A: Miss you
User A: I gotta work tomorrow
User B: I'm sure u aren't happy about that :(
User A: More money for me
User B: That's true and some yoga pants!
User A: Lol
User B: I went to to store and got like 15 apples haha
User A: Yum
User B: I can't stop eating them and then I run out and my mom won't take me right away to get more.
User B: I can't be without my apples lol:):)
User A: Apples are good
User B: Oh I know for sure:)
User A: :-)
User B: So when u going out?
User A: Headed to eat now
User B: Kk have fun:)
User A: What are you gonna do
User B: Idk just hang out at my house I guess
User A: I'm sorry
User B: Why r u sorry I'm ok:)
User B: I have 15 apples !!
User A: Lol
User B: Have fun <3
User A: OK sweetheart
User B: :):)
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: You have Snapchat
User B: No:( just texting and yahoo IM
User A: Lol
User B: Y is that funny lol
User A: I just put lol
User B: But u weren't really loling ?
User A: Idk I'm so tired
User B: Aren't u out somewhere?
User A: Yes
User B: Don't fall asleep there lol
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Hey
User B: Hi:)
User A: Did I wake you up
User B: No not all
User A: What are you doing
User B: I am waking up lol I have to go help out at a dance show today. U going to work?
User A: Headed in now and if I were to come see you later what would we do
User B: Well what time were u thinking I gotta make sure I can get out lol
User B: It would be awesome if we can:)
User A: Yes it would be what would we do
User B: Idk yet lol what time so I can see what my mom is doing. She sometimes goes to her bfs house on Sat but she hasn't said anything yet
User A: Be later on today is all I can tell you right now would we mess around
User B: Do u want to lol
User A: Do you want to
User B: If u do yeah:)
User B: I like u
User A: Its up to you
User B: Well yeah but it's up to u too haha I told u I like u like that:)
User B: U like me right?
User B: So I would wanna
User A: I like you a lot
User B: Well good lol:)
User A: Still gonna have to get condoms
User B: Yeah for sure can u
User A: Would you trust me without one
User B: Am I gonna get pregnant tho?
User A: There always a chance it could happen
User B: So what r the chances lol
User B: Do u think it would be ok without one?
User A: Yes if feel really good without one
User B: So is it safe for me without one u think?
User A: I'll wear one if you want me to
User B: I trust u I just think it would be bad it I got pregnant if u think it's safe then I guess that would be ok without
User A: I promise it will feel good without it
User B: Ok:) I trust u
User A: What else would we do
User B: Well what would u wanna do :)
User A: Everything you wanted
User B: Ok I am pretty open to whatever u wanted to do
User A: Like if I wanted to finger you
User B: As long as u r careful that would be ok
User A: Or if I wanted to use my tongue
User B: Ok:)
User A: Would you try that in me
User B: Hmm?
User B: I don't understand
User A: Put my thing in your mouth
User B: Oh lol yeah I would
User A: :-)
User B: Lol:):)
User B: So I'm going to go to the dance thing in a little while I will be back sometime later in the afternoon So what time about r u thinkin so I can see where my mom is gonna be
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: Text me when u get a break have a plan:)
User B: You have a plan
User A: Yep can u come
User B: When what's going on
User A: Umm didn't u say u might come see me lol
User B: Yes I'm going to try
User A: Hmm ok well My mom is going to her bfs for the night so she won't be here at all !! Did u change your mind? I was so excited to see u
User B: No I didn't change my mind
User A: Ok I hope not when will u know
User B: As soon as I'm off
User A: Ok let me know soon pleeezze I hope u can cause if not then we will have to wait atleast a whole week
User B: To long
User A: What is
User B: To wait
User A: Yeah I know lol
User B: I don't remember how to get to Petersburg
User A: U have maps on your phone?
User B: Yes
User A: U can just put it in there and it will tell u where to go
User B: What time is your mom going to hear bfs
User A: Prob like 5 or so
User B: She staying the night there
User A: Yep
User B: So tell me what were gonna do
User A: The stuff we talked about before lol if u still want to
User B: No its up to you
User A: Or whatever u want to
User B: I want to do what we talked about if you wantto
User A: I like u and I do
User B: I like you you and are you sure
User A: Yes:)
User A: <3
User B: OK <3
User A: Ok lol ^_^
User B: Wish you could send me a naughty pic
User A: Y lol
User B: I want one babe
User A: Do u have a cam on your phone
User B: Yes
User A: Well maybe u can take one of me when I see u lol maybe
User B: I can do that I gotta mow now
User A: So will I see u
User B: More then likely
User A: Ok:):) super happy let me know soon
User B: OK babe I will
User A: Okkkkk
User B: Your nevrous
User A: Yeah r u
User A: My stomach feels funny lol
User B: Lil bit and why
User A: Butterflies lol:)
User B: Do you have any nosey neighbors
User A: I was kinda worried about that too so what if u just picked me up at the park Then I can see if there home and I can show u where to park so it doesn't look like u r at my house I think that would be the safest my moms bf lives kinda far so I'm not worried about her lol
User A: I live by the park and can just walk there
User B: Ok that will work
User A: Ok good:) so what time u think so I know when to go there
User B: Around when your mom heads to her bfs
User B: Are you really gonna let me take pictures of you
User A: So like 5:30? Do u know where Hornady park is
User B: No I sure don't
User A: Maybe r u gonna show anyone if I do
User B: No it will be for my eyes only
User A: Ok:)
User B: So may I
User A: If u swear u won't show anyone
User B: I promise I won't show anyone
User A: And she will be gone by 5:30 my time lol
User B: OK babe
User B: You excited
User A: Yes r u
User A: U wanna text me when u r close to Petersburg and I can start walking over
User B: Yes
User B: What are you gonna wear
User A: idk whatcha want me to?
User B: Do you have a skirt
User A: yhea but it's too cold ...
User B: :-(
User A: sorry it's really chilly here.
User B: Its OK babe
User A: maybe i can change for u when we get back to the house :)
User B: That will work are we gonna walk back to your house
User A: we can
User B: OK you say you have thongs
User A: lol yesss
User B: When you change will you have one on
User A: if you want me to :)
User B: I'd like for you to and are you gonna change in front of me
User A: hehe ... maybe
User B: :-)
User A: :-)
User A: hey I gotta help my mom for a bit... text me when your on your way :-)
User B: OK I will
<|eot_id|>


<|begin_of_text|>
A chat between a groomer (User A) and a victim (User B).

User A: I haven't changed my mind yet I'm excited and really super nervous
User B: I hope not, I a lil nervous too
User A: I'm nervous that someone will find out but I'm not going to change my mind I promise
User B: I'm more excited though :-)
User A: No one will know right
User B: I'm nervous u won't like me when u meet me
User B: no way I'm not telling anyone
User A: I nervous you won't like me when you meet me
User B: not possible :-) I already like u lots
User A: Same with you
User B: :-))))))
User A: You haven't changed your mind about doing what we talked about
User B: no... y have u?
User A: No I haven't either
User A: I gonna have to stop in Vincennes to pay a bill
User B: kk
User A: I'll be leaving my house Lil after four my time
User B: is that 5 my time?
User A: Yes
User B: ok how long a drive is it?
User A: Like an hour I think
User B: kk that should be perfect timing
User A: :-)
User B: :-)
User A: Its not all that cold if you wanted to wear a skirt
User B: hmmm it did warm up a little.
User A: Yes
User A: You don't have to babe
User B: I'll have to wait till mom leaves to put that on.
User B: if she sees me putting on a skirt before she leaves she'll know something is up.
User A: So your gonna wear one
User B: idk I feel silly walking in a skirt
User A: You don't have to
User B: I think I'll change for u later:-)
User A: Im fine with that in front of me
User B: :-) u leaving soon?
User A: Just left
User B: kk :))))
User A: Do you have any fantasies
User B: idk I haven't done anything yet to know
User A: Bout to change that
User B: lol yhea... do you?
User A: NP
User A: No
User B: well I guess ur my fantasy now
User A: I'm fine with that
User B: :-)
User B: hey what r u driving so I know
User A: A dark green car
User B: kk
User A: OK on my way from Vincennes
User B: yay I can't wait :)))))
User B: did u get ur bill paid?
User A: Yes
User B: that's good u know where the park is now right?
User A: No I sure don't
User B: just turn by mcdonalds and its up on left
User A: Which way st McDonald's
User B: depends which way ur coming
User A: OK
User B: u can only turn one way the other takes u into cvs
User A: Lol OK
User B: I'm no good at directions
User A: Its fine I'll find it
User B: :-)
User A: Why did you just view my profile
User B: I am excited to c u
User A: I'm 7 miles
User B: yay!!!
User A: Are you st the park
User B: no I haven't left yet it only takes me like 5 mins to walk there
User A: Lol ok
User B: it's cooling down I don't wanna stand outside any longer than I have to
User A: I understand
User A: I'm by the water tower
User B: ok on my way
User A: I'm here at the park
<|eot_id|>